Right now, there is so much money to be
made in the AI space.
>> I'm actually leaning into AI almost
everywhere.
>> This is about risk management, but
maintaining exposure to AI. On the tech
front, we still see structural
opportunity.
>> It is very, very hard to just make the
worst-case scenario assumptions [music]
and make that your best case.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Ferro, Lisa Abramowicz, and
Anne Marie Hoardern.
Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning. Good morning for our
audience worldwide. Bloomberg
Surveillance starts right now. Coming
into Friday, it's day one for Kevin
Warsh, the incoming Fed chair, gearing
up for a ceremony at the White House,
joining an increasingly divided
committee hit by the ongoing [music]
energy shock and a bond market pricing
out cuts and beginning to price in
hikes. The chairman facing an early
test.
>> And right now, the market is saying that
he has some work to do, even if it isn't
necessarily hiking rates. It's at least
giving a credible perception that he is
willing to do so, even though this
market believes that he is hampered by
the president. I will just note that he
is facing the highest yields on 10-year
Treasuries coming in on his swearing day
swearing in date of any Fed chair going
back to Alan Greenspan in 1987. It gives
you a sense of how high the bar is for
him to tame some of the inflationary
expectations. [music]
>> Bond yields at the long end of the curve
close to multi-decade highs. You want
some good news for the incoming Fed
chair? The president just [music]
turning down the volume, dialing back
the heat just a little bit going into
this.
>> Yeah, he told the Washington Examiner
he's going to let him do what he wants
to do. And then into another interview
in Fortune magazine, he acknowledged
that the war [music] has impacted
prices, and he said that maybe he'll
have to look at the figures after the
war is done. You mentioned Alan
Greenspan 1987 where yields were. That
was the last time we had a swearing in
at the White House. What I've been told
is that this isn't some normal swearing
in. Some executives are going to be
there, ambassadors, [music] high-profile
people were invited to this. The
president wants to make this a very big
event.
>> Energy at the heart of this debate right
now. Check out crude [music] this
morning. Brent and WTI. Brent's at 105,
WTI at 98. It's Bramo's favorite
subject. According to Iranian media,
we've narrowed the gaps to [music] some
extent. According to Reuters, they want
to keep the uranium. According to
everyone else, Iran's discussing with
Oman a permanent toll system. So, this
is going really well.
>> Okay, okay. Just [music] to be clear, I
think this is an incredibly important
story. I just hate talking about it
because there's no edge, and ultimately
what you're looking at is uh people
saying we're close, we're close, and
then you hear any of the details
whatsoever, and they are as far apart as
ever. It's a question over the uranium
and a question over the toll for the
Strait of Hormuz, and in the meantime,
you've got increasing number of oil
strategists saying we will run out of
oil, and it will be a crisis. So, you
put this together, and it's sort of an
existential overhang without a real
compass as to how close we're going to
be to get there with a lot of rhetoric
trying to make us think otherwise.
>> The one good thing I love about DC is I
ran into [music] Helima Croft literally
in a hotel lobby, and she reiterated
what I heard from Amrita Sen yesterday,
[music] which is that everyone is
focused on June, and that is the concern
where we start to hit really the bottom
levels when it comes to the inventories
[music]
that everyone is living on right now.
Crude this morning, up by more than 2%.
Coming up this hour, Brian Levitt of
Invesco as Wall Street lifts the cap off
another winning week. Pierre Ferragu of
New Street Research on SpaceX's [music]
push to go public, and Krishna Guha of
Evercore as Kevin Walsh takes the reins
at the Federal Reserve. We begin this
hour with stocks pushing higher. The S&P
on track for an eighth consecutive week
of gains. Brian Levitt of Invesco
writing, "Rising markets have diverged
meaningfully from underlying
fundamentals." Brian joins us now for
more. Brian, who?
Brian Levitt, sounding a little bit
bearish with that quote. Explain
yourself.
>> [laughter]
>> No, I'm not I'm not bearish.
[clears throat] I'm trying to think
where that quote actually came from. Um
I'm [laughter]
I'm quite optimistic. Um let me let me
think about the the are we
diverging from fundamentals? No, we've
had six straight quarters of
double-digit earnings growth. So, um
it's a it's a market that has I mean,
fundamentals have actually been quite
strong. I mean, perhaps when you're
starting to say fundamentals a little
bit, it's it's obviously where rates
have gone, it's where energy prices have
gone. You would think that perhaps you
you might have seen some type of
volatility around that or some headwind
around it, but the markets have shrugged
it off. Equities
all-time highs, credit spreads tight.
So, um it we've backed out three rate
cuts and added two rate hikes and the
markets
>> Where's the insulation coming from?
Where do you think it's coming from?
>> It's coming from corporate earnings. Um
it's coming from the fact that
businesses continue to produce um what
the market wants and forward guidance
continues to be good. Um
and it's coming from the fact that you
do not have a particularly over-levered
corporate sector. You have sound
fundamentals within the corporate
sector. Um and so, you're not seeing a
market that's responding particularly
negatively to some of these risks that
are lurking out there. Is there a fear
that we've seen the peak in terms of the
acceleration rate in some of these AI
names, especially as they cash out with
IPOs? Yeah, there's some risk of that.
What the market starts to what you hope
the market gets more hopeful of and was
really in the second half of 2025 and
the beginning of the year was that you'd
start to get more of a broadening out as
you move from, you know, who's going to
make AI possible to who's going to build
it out to who's going to benefit from
it. And then we had a very nice story
coming into the year. I remember saying
to people, "If you're not bullish now, I
don't know when you would be." Um for
the second year in a row, we got
disrupted a bit by a policy decision.
One being liberation day, this one being
the war, but it's a market that is
looking at reasonable growth, um
expected productivity gains in corporate
profitability. Are you excited to buy
into all these IPOs? SpaceX, OpenAI,
Anthropic. No, I I suspect I'll own them
because of my
passive index exposure in certain
places, but no, I'm not overly excited
to buy them. I think that what ends up
happening is you get a lot of excitement
around these things. You get valuations
that are elevated, particularly on a
SpaceX, you'll get a valuation that's
about expected future growth, longer
duration, well off in the future versus
what's being delivered now. So,
obviously the internet provider part of
it is is um generating revenue for the
business, but some of the other things,
some of the other optionality you have
on it is way off in the future. So, no,
not overly excited, but I'm going to
have exposure to it as a result of some
of the positions that I have.
>> Does it worry you that the fundamentals
have seemed to have broken down when it
comes to the yield backdrop versus some
of the incredible enthusiasm for uh you
know, not PE multiples cuz it really has
come from the earnings, but just the
flight into risk assets that seem
completely divorced from the underlying
inflation, the underlying economy, the
underlying skepticism coming from invest
from the rank [clears throat] and file.
>> Well, you want to break down what's
driving the move in rates. And I think
there's this perception that it's coming
from higher gasoline prices and a big
move in inflation expectations. In fact,
inflation expectations have been
relatively benign over the last few
weeks. You had a big move earlier in the
year. I was I was so happy with 2 and
1/4 5-year inflation break-evens moving
at 2.6 is not ideal, but it's still
relative price stability where I come
from. So, you have not seen it move
substantially from 2.6 on the 5-year,
which is fine. So, in essence, what else
is driving it? A little bit of growth
expectations, which is good. Um but also
term premium because of expectations of
the Fed. Now, I don't think the Fed's
raising rates. Um I don't think the
Fed's raising rates with 2.6 on
inflation expectations
um and with the economy likely to
moderate a bit as a result of all of us
paying $80 to fill up our gas tanks. So,
I think the Fed um is on hold, and I
think ultimately a Kevin Warsh Fed would
like to see 3% on the funds rate. Now,
it doesn't mean we're going to get there
immediately, but I think ultimately an
easing bias will come back into these
markets. And so I suspect the equity
market and the credit market are looking
past this, you know, 40 basis point move
in the 10-year. $80 to fill up your tank
depending on where you live. Depending
on where you live, yeah.
>> It's actually higher in some parts of
this country. You actually don't think
the reason surging gasoline is actually
going to impact spending. We heard
something different from Walmart
yesterday. They're actually concerned.
Oh, it'll slow things down. I don't
think that it's going to um lead to an
inflation spiral, which is a different
thing. I view it as a tax on the
consumer that will slow things down. And
actually, if you look at market
leadership, the way we think of things
in terms of the direction of the global
economy, coming into the year it was an
expansion. And that's when you want to
be smaller, emerging markets, more value
oriented, equal-weight parts of the
market. And what you've seen in this
little bit of a slowdown, I mean we're
hanging in, but little bit of slowdown
on this larger cap, mega-cap, growth,
higher quality back in. The interesting
thing about the slowdown is that rates
have gone up. Right? So my expectation
would be that we will get a reprieve on
rates as the economy moderates because
of what we're spending on gasoline. What
happened in the middle of the summer
though if we're north of $5 a gallon?
Yeah. Well, the risks rise. Um you know,
and so what's interesting from a market
perspective, the risks to the economy
rise. The question is what does that
mean for the markets? Um because I I
>> economy rise. The question is what does
that mean for the markets? Um because
obviously that's ultimately what we're
trying to get. And Fed policy is a
little bit restrictive here, not
extreme, but a little bit restrictive
given the shape of the yield curve. And
the expectation would be if you run into
these challenges, you'll start to get
some of the policy easing. And I think,
you know, the administration will look
for some type of way to
um
get out, although, you know,
increasingly challenging. There are
things that matter to the economy and
things that matter to the market.
Sometimes they're not the same thing. If
you're looking at the economy right now
going into the Memorial Day weekend, you
mentioned the high gasoline prices,
mortgage costs as well. Yeah. The
30-year fixed in this country jumped to
6.5%
the highest since August. That's a
problem.
>> Yeah, the aspects of the economy that
are hinged to where benchmark yields are
paying a lot of attention even if risk
assets aren't. You have to wonder what
it would take for the Fed to move back
to an easing bias with rates where with
inflation where it's running currently.
>> Still got one. Right. And but he
>> [laughter]
>> I mean, that's true. I can't I can't get
over the idea that we still have an
easing bias. But I'm just saying if they
move back to an easing bias after they
essentially remove it in June, you have
to think it's not any good news. I mean,
is that still good for risk assets? Just
to set the stage for Kevin Warsh, people
are wondering whether he's going to be
more dovish than is otherwise necessary.
The existing Fed chair
of this committee was running rates at
zero and doing QE with inflation heading
towards 9% and we're freaking out about
the new guy being too dovish. Come on,
guys. Well Is our memory that short?
Well, and I would add that the idea that
we still have an easing bias if with
inflation moving to close to 4%. Try to
make sense of that.
>> Okay, so yes, so the So the headline
inflation, we know where it's going,
right? Because of what's happened with
gasoline prices. The question is whether
you're going to set policy based on
um geopolitical event that led to a
shock in these prices that are going to
weigh, probably, on consumption. So,
it's why I focus on the break even. It's
why I focus on the expectations because,
you know, when we got into trouble in
2022 was when the 5-year break even was
breaking above 3%.
We're not there. The 2-year broke above
it and seems to be dipping back down a
bit. The 5-year's been sitting 260, kind
of stable. So, if you're a Fed share,
you can look at that and say, "Well, I
have relative price stability. Let me
look on the other side and see what that
means for growth." So, it's not
Pollyanna to say that growth isn't going
to be impacted. The question is whether
it's strong enough for corporate
earnings and whether that allows the Fed
to lower interest rates, both which
could be conducive for for markets to
continue in advance. Brian, still
bullish and pleased we cleared that up.
It's good to see you, sir. Appreciate
it, buddy. Thank you. Brian Levitt at
Invesco. Enjoy the long weekend, sir.
It's always good to see you. Thank you.
Let's get you an update on stories
worldwide this morning with your
Bloomberg brief. Vanya Quinn has more.
Hey, Vanya. Hey, good morning, John.
Iran saying the latest US proposal to
end the war is narrowing the gaps, but
an agreement is still far off. Iran
refuses to ship its enriched uranium
stock pile to the US. [music]
President Donald Trump, meanwhile, says
he opposes efforts by Iran and Oman to
establish a toll system for Hormuz.
SpaceX is delaying a critical test of
its Starship rocket just seconds before
launch. The highly anticipated mission
was expected a day after Elon Musk's
company filed publicly for an IPO. The
next launch window will open at 5:30
p.m. Eastern this afternoon.
Standard Chartered CEO Bill Winters is
apologizing for saying AI will affect,
quote, lower value human capital.
Winters writing in a LinkedIn post, he
recognizes that his quote, choice of
words caused upset to some colleagues.
And that is your Bloomberg brief, John.
Hey, Vanya, thank you. More from Vanya
later this hour. Up next on the program,
struggling for control of Hormuz.
We have total control of the Strait of
Hormuz. It's an international waterway
and they're not charging tolls. We want
it open. We want it free. We don't want
tolls. Up [music] next, Kathleen Hays
Sanders of Bloomberg Intelligence live
from New York City this morning. Good
morning.
>> [snorts]
>> Coming up a little bit later this
morning around 11:00 a.m. Eastern time
at the White House. Been sworn in. Kevin
Warsh and coming Fed chair. Look out for
that.
>> [music]
>> This guy's important note too. An hour
before, Governor Waller. His view on
monetary policy right now. Given the
pushback to the so-called easing bias
[music] in the statement over at the
Federal Reserve. Where is Governor
Waller on that effort?
>> Yeah, he has actually been shifting when
it comes to his belief [music] that
inflationary pressures are reaching a
crescendo that he needs to address. So,
he's actually changed his rhetoric. So,
my question is, is he going to join the
crew sort of dissenting with the easing
bias and really set up June as a time
where they remove it, where they then
can put it back again later this year?
>> [music]
>> In like November time. Yeah. Into
December.
>> Exactly.
>> Yeah, around then cut rates.
>> Exactly. Okay. Looking [music] forward
to the year ahead according to Alicia
Levine Harris. Equity futures right now
on the S&P. You're not alone, I know.
That's what people think. Down about
1/10 of 1% on the S&P. On the Nasdaq up
by about 0.07%.
Call it 1/10 of 1% as well. In the bond
market, Treasury yields shaping up as
follows too. Still close to 4%. 10 still
around 460. Backing away from that
level, 455. In the driving seat, just
seems to be crude at the moment. Just
whipsawing investors one way to the
other. Brent crude 105 and WTI at about
$98 a barrel. And the Saudis this
morning struggling for control of
Hormuz.
Right now we're negotiating.
And we'll see. The
Iran conflict. That'll end soon. Very
soon. We have total control of the
Strait of Hormuz. It's an international
waterway. They're not charging tolls. We
want it open. We want it free. We don't
want tolls. Here's the latest this
morning. The president saying the US is
firmly in control of the Strait of
Hormuz as Iran and Oman discuss a
permanent tolling system for the
critical waterway. Bloomberg's Tyler
Kendall joins us from Washington. Tyler,
the president's totally in control but
unable to open it. That's kind of the
problem.
Right, exactly, John. Because at this
point, Iran is trying to tighten its
grip over the Strait. As you heard,
President Trump did say that the US
isn't allowing any vessels through. We
did hear from CENTCOM earlier this week
confirming that so far 88 commercial
tankers have been turned around amid the
US's naval blockade. But then you have
Iran's ambassador to ambassador to
France telling Bloomberg news that there
are these active discussions here when
it comes to formalizing a toll payment
system with neighboring Oman. This is
raising questions under international
law, let alone concerns when it comes to
the US's position. As we heard Secretary
of State Marco Rubio say yesterday that
if any such effort is implemented, that
would mean that a US-Iran peace deal
would be  unfeasible. It's also
raising concerns among European allies.
I had the chance to catch up with the EU
ambassador to the US yesterday who told
me that amid these threats when it comes
to formalizing a toll, the EU is our
European allies, rather, are looking at
a potential mission to help secure the
waterway, but she couldn't really give
me a firm timeline or what the tipping
point would be for European allies to
actually deploy those assets. The Strait
of Hormuz really was just one point of
contention that came to the forefront of
the conversation yesterday as Reuters
reports that Iran's supreme leader said
that the country's stockpile of highly
enriched uranium isn't going anywhere.
That, of course, has been a main
sticking point for the US as President
Trump says that we could either see
escalation or a diplomatic deal. Dana
Candle with the latest in Washington.
Dana, thank you. To build on that
conversation, Colonel Wayne Sanders of
Bloomberg Intelligence joins us now for
more. Colonel, welcome to the program.
The central question of programming on
Bloomberg Savannah throughout the whole
week is the status quo sustainable or
not? Because the president is sticking
with this blockade for now.
Yeah, I think that the blockade right
now is the only thing that the US has
from a lever that's actually causing
some of the pain to Iran because even
the threats of strikes up until this
point haven't done a whole lot. Iran has
proven that when you're looking at
trying to be able to protect their
people, they really don't care at that
point in time. They're willing to take
additional losses. So, the status quo
ends up being one of the key pieces
there.
I think the War Power The War Powers Act
and some of the things that you've seen
across Congress right now isn't going to
change President Trump's use authorized
use of military force. If an escalation
were to
were be to be required, but I don't
think that's the first play in this cuz
as you've seen, Iran is still you know,
they still fired some attacks across at
the Gulf states. They haven't fired at
the US,
but they but they have not seen any type
of military response from the US at this
point. Well, what would the United
States be able to use at the negotiating
table besides the blockade in terms of
maybe giving a concession to Iran to try
to open up the strait?
Well, I think you know, if you look at
maybe it's escort agreements to be able
to start it. As you guys mentioned, you
know, the US is not going to condone
coercion. So, a lot of it right now
Iran's not playing by the rules even
when it comes to the Geneva Convention
and comes to the way that militaries
actually fight in a conventional sense.
So, why would we trust that any type of
deal that would be made in terms of the
tolling system would actually be held
up? Anytime that Iran could potentially
get upset about it, they would just
change the rules and go back to their
asymmetric threat
of shoulder fired weapons, Shaheed
drones, as well as Fateh-110 missiles
and say, "Okay, we're going to we're
going to close that straight again." But
what does it say that Oman is willing to
work with Iran on this? Obviously, the
UAE and the Saudis are not signing up
for an Iranian-led toll system.
Yeah, I think I think at this point in
time, everybody's trying to find some
type of answer to this, right? We've
been in a stalemate now since uh since
April 8th and uh you know, we've had
this ceasefire in place.
Uh and so I think some of the Gulf
states may be actually looking Jordan's
looking for some type of answer to be
able to do that because they may be
willing to actually pay for that. Uh and
they they could potentially mutually
benefit. The problem is is that the rest
of the world isn't. Uh they're not
willing to take that chance and try and
reopen based off of an Iranian regime
that can change the rules at any time.
Critical Sanders, when we speak to
people in the market, they say everyone
is incentivized to come to the table and
they expect some sort of agreement,
which is the reason why you aren't
seeing some freak out in the oil market.
When you talk to strategists, it seems
like these two sides are miles apart and
don't really have a reason to come
together and have a sustainable solution
for the longer term. Can you square the
difference here to sort of bridge that
gap?
Well, I take the probably the most
constructive signal that we've seen in
weeks, if not months, has been the fact
that Iran used the phrase
the US is narrowing the gap. Uh up until
now, you you've heard President Trump
talk about the fact that, "Hey, we've
got uh we're doing really well. The
negotia- negotiations going in the right
direction." And then turns around and
Iran in through Iran state-backed media
or anything else like that comes back
and said, "We've never said that." So
the fact that you're actually seeing on
the public stage, Iran saying where
they're narrowing the gap is actually a
very positive sign at this point in
time. Do we have a sense of what China's
role could be in all of this? There were
two tankers who got through the Strait
of Hormuz earlier this week. There was a
lot of fanfare about this. They were
going to China. They were Iraqi oil. And
people were excited because it was the
greatest volume of oil to traverse
through the Strait of Hormuz since the
beginning of the conflict. Do we have a
sense of whether China is pressuring
Iran to end this or whether they are
sort of lengthening the time that this
could go on.
Yeah, I think China's trying to play
somewhat in the middle ground a little
bit here, but they are trying to
pressure Iran in a certain amount to be
able to open up more of the streets
specifically because, you know, their
President Xi's looking for President
Trump to start
reevaluating, if you will, some of the
the arms deals that the US has to be
able to supply weapons to Taiwan.
There's a $14 billion deal that's out
there right now specifically to be able
to arm Taiwan. Taiwan literally just
finished putting up a $24 billion uh
supplemental that almost doubles their
defense spending specifically so that
they could actually purchase more
munitions as well as air defense systems
from the US. And so, I think China's
trying to play part of that balance
right there to say, "Okay, look, hey,
Iran, you need to start playing a little
nicer right now because I really need
President Trump to lay off some of the
weapons deliveries to Taiwan." Does it
even matter if the president signs on to
that $14 billion package, though? Where
are we in terms of actually shipping
these weapons to Taiwan? Aren't we years
behind?
In some are, yes, but Taiwan has had
multiple deals with the US up until this
point, so the deliveries have continued.
So, I don't know whether or not it would
be a slowing down of deliveries to
Taiwan similar to, you know, some of the
PAC-3 interceptors going to and Patriot
systems going to Switzerland have
actually
stopped a little bit, you know, they've
actually been delayed delivery to to
Switzerland so that the US can have them
for
for the US operational needs.
So, that may actually be You're
absolutely right. They The industry as a
whole right now has already started
moving the needle. This has started back
even last year when Secretary had said
had put out his acquisition reform on
November 7th. So, you're starting to see
some of these larger long-term deals
that have caused, you know, Lockheed and
RTX and a lot of their munitions
programs to double down and actually
start providing in infrastructure
investments into their own lines so that
they can double, triple, and even
quadruple their production rates.
Colonel, always good to see you, sir.
Thanks for dropping by and catching up
with us. Colonel Wayne Sanders there of
Bloomberg Intelligence. I understand
we've thrown a lot of this situation,
and the cushion is not as big as it was,
but relative to what was expected, it's
impressive how inconsequential this
story has actually been so far, and I
stress so far, but so far not
consequential at all in the grand scheme
of things.
>> Part of this is because of how much oil
was floating on the water at the time of
the conflict, the onset. So, it took a
couple of weeks to work through that.
And the other aspect has been US
production, which has just absolutely
ramped up, and the exports have been
through the roof. Can we continue that?
And I think that
that's why I like listen to some of the
Barclays guys who are getting less
constructive.
>> Yeah, you tell people that June matters.
That's when it bites, and people are
like, I heard that about April and May,
and now it's June, but June June kind of
matters. Well, it does kind of matter
when it comes to the inventory drawdown.
Um, it might also though matter in terms
of where you live, [music] how hard
you're going to feel the brunt of it.
Coming up on the program, we'll catch up
with Pia van Adrichem of New Street
Research as the AI race to go public
heats up. Plus, Yohai has your morning
movers. Estee Lauder ending merger
talks, that stock is up by 10%.
Two days of gains on the S&P 500 adding
to an eighth consecutive weekly [music]
gain. That's what we're on course for
going into the weekend. Equity futures
this morning positive by a tenth of 1%
on [music] the S&P. On the Nasdaq, just
about unchanged this morning. In the
bond market, hello Kevin Warsh, and
welcome to the Federal Reserve. Yields
very close to multi-decade [music]
highs at the long end of the curve. 30s
at around 5.1%, 10s around 4.60. energy
crisis, a divided committee, [music]
inflation at multi-year highs, energy
prices at multi-year highs. The to-do
list is building and building. And you
could make Brian Levitt's argument that
yes, this is largely due to a supply
[music] shock in the oil market, which
they can look through. But but but,
people will say, take a look at the AI
build-out and what's happening, the
inflationary pressure [music] from that.
Take a look at the resilience in
consumer spending despite these higher
oil prices and commodity prices. [music]
And then you start to have a more
complicated picture, which is the reason
why they almost want to drop their
easing bias. So, you know, I mean, it's
sort of an interesting moment where we
already have something, as you've
pointed out, of a dovish Fed. How is he
going to come in and make him dove them
up, you know, given the fact that
they're already coming from a pretty
>> know if he wants to. [music] We don't
know if he wants to. Do we? And that's
part of the part of the mystery around
this particular candidate, because
>> [music]
>> usually they're a known entity on the
current board. Think Yellen, already on
the board, becomes Fed chair. You think
Powell, already on the board, becomes
Fed chair. We've got experience with
Kevin Warsh from a decade plus ago. We
don't know what he stands for now, and
that's the mystery around this
particular Fed [music] chair. Adding to
that mystery, we know who he was in 2009
and 2010 and 2011, and it was this very
hawkish Kevin Warsh. She said that
inflation was a choice. People said,
"Oh, you're choosing the index that's
lower." At the same time, maybe he
actually means that he is still the same
Kevin Warsh from a couple of decades
ago.
>> to the energy story. It's part of the
problem for the incoming Fed chair.
Brent crude and WTI a little bit higher
this morning, $4.50 range in the last 24
hours on Brent, 105 this morning, and up
by about 3% [music]
as we count you down to the open, about
3 hours away from the cash open with
some single names, some morning movers.
Yohara has more. Hi, Yohara. Good
morning, John. We start with Estee
Lauder. Shares are surging uh nearly 10%
in the pre-market after the beauty
giants walked away from its proposed
deal with the fragrance giants [music]
Puig, a deal that investors were worried
was coming at the wrong time since this
company is in the middle of a turnaround
[music] due to falling sales. So,
investors appear relieved that now
management can focus on the core
business. [music] Meanwhile, worries
about AI disrupting traditional software
companies are easing a bit today after
this company [music]
actually we turn to AMD shares are
rising 1.4% [music] after some bullish
comments from Lisa Sue overnight in
in Taiwan on CPU demand saying that it's
exploded due to inferencing demand and
for that reason Sue says that AMD sees
the market growing more than 35%
annually for the next [music] 5 years.
And now we end on Workday though shares
are surging
more than 10% earlier I saw more than
10% in the pre-market after it delivered
better than expected results and a solid
outlook. John Johanna, thank you. Thanks
for the update. [music] Appreciate it.
Workday up by about 9% this morning. On
my radar this morning, the US and Iran
at odds over a key sticking point to end
the war. [music] Tehran demanding it
keep its enriched uranium and create a
toll for the Strait of Hormuz.
I don't know of anyone in the world that
would that should be in favor of a
tolling system in an international
waterway. That's just not acceptable. It
can't happen. If that were to happen in
the Straits of Hormuz, it will happen in
five other places around the world.
Trump warning earlier this week he'll
resume attacks if Iran does not agree to
his terms. Elsewhere, OpenAI expected to
confidentially file for an IPO as soon
as today. The Information reporting the
company generated nearly $6 billion in
revenue in the first quarter boosted by
its coding agent and ads on ChatGPT. And
finally, the drama continues. Standard
Chartered CEO Bill Winters apologizing
for controversial comments on AI.
Winters posting on LinkedIn he's sorry
for his choice of words referring to
workers as quote lower value human
capital. The bank planning to cut about
8,000 roles over 4 years. So, this
crisis for him continues. And on one
hand you could say, why did he say that?
This just created PR disaster for him.
On the other hand, you can say that is
this a messaging problem or is this a
reality problem? How do politicians, how
do you big executives respond to the
existential fear throughout the
population that they will be replaced by
some of these technological
advancements, especially given we don't
know what the ultimate aim is. We hear
about AGI, we hear about how they're so
much more intelligent than us that they
can do things that they don't need to
eat and sleep and uh breathe. So, at a
certain point, it isn't just a messaging
issue. This is an issue of giving a
vision over which jobs are being created
and how people are going to be retrained
to to assuage this. I mean, yes, he he
did this inartfully, but it it speaks to
a bigger question that needs to be
addressed.
>> Very inartfully, not elegantly, because
first he said when his original apology
was that it was taken out of context.
Now, he doubled down and said, "Okay, I
do realize maybe this wasn't the right
words way to express myself." And I've
heard a lot of people in the company.
But you all have to also have to ask,
how many companies
were already going to lay off
individuals because of cyclical patterns
and needs to potentially trim down and
they're just blaming AI as the reason
for doing it.
>> this story and I'll tell you why. This
was insight, direct insight into how
this is actually talked about in the
C-suite.
Those words aren't by accident. This is
how they talk about it internally.
That's just Park Standard Chartered. I
think that applies to a whole host of
companies right now. You just found out
how they talk about this technology
inside a company when they're thinking
about laying off 8,000 people. It's a
rather big tell to me. And why they
talking about it like that? Because they
think it's going to help the stock
price. That's why they're talking about
it like that. Now, they might dress it
up with different language in the weeks
and months to come, but I think we just
found out where a lot of people stand on
this big issue. Now, they might come out
publicly and interviews and say, "No, we
want to grow the pie. Things will get
better. We'll do more. And overall,
we'll see more programmers join the join
the company and we'll increase things
there and increase there even if you see
layoffs over here." But that's how the
industry right now on Wall Street is
thinking about this technology.
>> incentivized to think that way because
they're throwing so much cash at some of
this technology. They have to justify
what they're getting for it. If they're
not getting efficiencies, why are they
spending billions of dollars to invest
in it at this point? And if they don't
give a sense of how they're adopting it,
the market penalizes them for that, too.
Remember when a shoe company became an
AI company? I mean, our Ford all of a
sudden is an AI company. I mean, think
about, you know, who's an AI company?
Suddenly their stock has a huge pop. If
you don't give some sort of strategy,
you get penalized. So, they're being
incentivized to think about it that way.
And then incentivized to talk about it
very differently. The reality is the
world is changing. The question is how
quickly, whether this is going to be
wasted money, whether people are going
to get lost behind. These are the big
issues people need to be talking about.
>> quickly will policy makers move in
response? Let's turn to the other big
tech story of the moment. Three AI
giants racing to go public. SpaceX,
OpenAI, and Anthropic fighting to secure
market dominance and compute capacity.
Pierre Ferragu of New Street Research
writing, "Owning and controlling the
physical infrastructure can eventually
turn into a fundamental market share
advantage. Computer owners are likely to
become the kingmakers of AI." Pierre
joins us now for more. Pierre, good
morning, sir. It's good to see you. Good
to see you.
>> We'll avoid the banking story. Let's
focus on SpaceX and and them coming
public. We used to talk about Jack
Dorsey struggling to run two public
companies. At the time it was Twitter
and it was Block, then Square.
Elon Musk, SpaceX, Tesla. Is the future
one or two?
I hope two for for his personal
lifestyle and work-life balance.
You hope two? Yeah, I mean, that's like
a merger that would make a lot of sense,
you know, getting like self-driving cars
and robots together with orbital data
centers.
Um, it is actually something that would
make a lot of sense and Tesla probably
at some point will need a lot of a lot
more compute and orbital compute.
>> At some point, how close are we to a
potential merger between those two
companies?
There is no I would say there is no
emergency. It's really
It's going to be a question of when the
market is ready for it more than
anything else.
And
for now, you have actually quite a good
combination at SpaceX. You have like AI
deployment that is going to consume
billions of dollars of cash flow.
And actually the telecom part of SpaceX,
Starlink, that already is generating a
lot of free cash flow.
This is part of the anxiety for a lot of
people who are seeing all these IPOs
come to market. Is SpaceX a space
company or is it a satellite company?
And is Tesla a car company or is it a
robotics company? I mean, it's sort of a
question of who's funding what and what
the goal is for some of these companies.
How do you understand SpaceX's ambitions
versus what's actually paying the bills?
Well,
let's talk ambitions. Um
SpaceX with like Starship is going to
start deploying V3 satellites for the
telecom business at the end of this
year.
When these deployments get to scale,
we're talking like 50 flights a year to
deploy a constellation of 20,000
satellites.
Um in the S1, SpaceX actually
uh ambitions to deploy 100 gigawatts of
data center on orbits. Um uh
in the let's say in in the near future.
100 data center in orbits,
it's 20 launches.
20 Starlink uh Starship, sorry, launches
a day.
So,
financing these deployments is actually
going to require a lot of money. And
that's what space is going to be. The
space activity of SpaceX today is going
to become very, very small compared to
the orbital data center business. How
far away is that given the fact that
Starship had a problem in launching
yesterday? And that was the first one
since October. And there have been a lot
of questions around how much has gotten
launched. I think only 10 launches have
happened of this particular Starship. Uh
correct me if I'm wrong. So, how do we
get to 20 a day?
So,
hopefully we have time for that. The
good thing is that SpaceX is actually
the player that has like the best time
constant in the industry.
When you get like a rocket ready, what
matters is not the number of weeks you
have or the number of months is it's
actually the number of launches. And
SpaceX is very good at bringing together
a new launch very very rapidly. And
remember that Falcon 9 is flying like
more than three times a week already.
So, a setback like yesterday is actually
just
a few weeks or a few months on the
timeline, but actually Starship is
making a lot of progress and is getting
ready definitely. Who is his biggest
competitor? I guess it depends what
you're talking about whether or not it's
the rockets or Tesla with the cars or
XAI and Grok. Is it OpenAI? Who is Elon
Musk's biggest competitor?
So,
at the end of the day, the key to this
business model is to get everything
together. Vertical integration is really
what makes you win. You can't be in
compute without being in space if
compute is going to space. So, the
largest competitors of Elon Musk or of
SpaceX are going to be first and
foremost compute players, which means
Google, Amazon, Meta, Microsoft.
The ones who are going down the
integration route the fastest at the
moment who are like the closest to
SpaceX are actually Amazon and Blue
Origin who work together very tightly
to get to space, to get telecom first
and then compute later.
I would expect at some point
an additional conglomerate, an
additional vertically integrated player
around Google
or maybe like a combination of
multiple like compute players to get
into that that world as well. I think
compute and space are meant to
to get vertically integrated going
forward. Yeah, how do we make space for
this stock?
Forgive the pun. How do we make space
for SpaceX when it goes public? What am
I selling? What am I lightening up on to
get this in.
Well, ask people around like I've never
seen so much [clears throat]
enthusiasm for for that story. It's a
dream. It's like it's a it's a
the space conquest and
like like the level of interest for the
story is absolutely fascinating.
Where is the interest falling away?
Nvidia doesn't feel like that magical
story it used to be.
When did that all go quiet?
Um
I mean if SpaceX is um
IPOEing in the next few weeks and then
after that you have a penny eye and an
topic. I think we're it's going to keep
us busy over the summer at the very
least, right?
Yeah, I was going to say it. Thank you,
sir. Pierre for the good there of New
Street Research. It has gone a bit quiet
with Nvidia, hasn't it? People starting
to look at opportunities and big moves,
big explosive moves elsewhere. They want
to see the exponential growth and even
though Nvidia is still growing at a very
fast clip, it's sort of impossible for
it to keep growing exponentially when
it's a $6 trillion company. I asked
somebody this question yesterday and
they said actually they think it's
probably going to be in the non tech
stocks because people have such faith in
AI right now that they're going to sell
the equal weight, right? They're going
to sell the discretionary, they're going
to sell some of the staples and that to
me is a fascinating read on how AI just
seems to be accelerating away from the
rest of the economy.
>> Nasdaq futures this morning just about
unchanged. Let's get you an update on
stories worldwide this morning with your
Bloomberg brief, Vanya Quinn. Has more.
Hey, Vanya. Hey, John. Thank you. The US
is taking measures to prevent the spread
of Ebola directing flights with American
passengers who have recently visited
affected countries to Washington Dulles
International Airport for enhanced
screening.
President Donald Trump saying he plans
to send 5,000 troops to Poland reversing
a previous plan to suspend army
deployment. Trump has suggested a
drawdown of the US's 85,000 military
personnel in Europe is in the works.
And the opening of a new US consulate in
Greenland sparking protests. Residents
voicing concerns about President Trump's
plans for the island. Hundreds of
protesters gathering outside the new
consulate chanting USA go home. That's
your Bloomberg brief, John. Tiffany,
thank you. Thank you for the update. And
next on the program, Kevin Warsh at the
helm.
What is really, really going to be
important for Kevin Warsh is keeping
inflation expectations in check. So,
it's very, very important for the Fed to
change its bias from easing to neutral.
Up next, Krishna Guha of Evercore live
from New York City. You're watching
Bloomberg TV.
Stocks are positive up by a tenth of 1%
going into [music] the long weekend
stateside, advancing just a little bit
more on the Nasdaq, just about
unchanged. In the bond market, twos,
tens, and 30s, your 10-year yield 455
back and away
>> [music]
>> in the last few sessions again this
morning by a single basis point. And to
save us this morning, Kevin Warsh at the
helm.
What is really, really going to be
important for Kevin Warsh is keeping
inflation expectations in check. When
inflation expectations start to get a
bit unhinged, then he has a problem in
his hands. So, I think,
you know, it's very, very important for
the Fed to change its bias from easing
to neutral and be ready to act if
[music] needed. So, here's the latest
this morning. President Donald Trump
swearing in Kevin Warsh as the new
leader of the Federal Reserve later on
this morning. The incoming Fed chair
facing a divided committee and a market
beginning to price in rate hikes.
Krishna Guha of Evercore writing the
voting members are more dovish than the
wider group of participants. This will
keep Warsh help keep Warsh keep the
track keep the Fed on track. Krishna
joins us now for more. Krishna, welcome
to the program, sir. Let's build on some
of that. A lot of people are saying it's
going to be complicated, difficult for
him to navigate this very fractured
committee. You're suggesting it might be
just a little bit more straightforward.
Well, it's certainly a difficult setup,
for sure, but I think it's important to
understand that there's every signal
that the center of the old committee is
reaching out and hopes to meet new Chair
Walsh halfway. That was the significance
of the nine of the 12 voting members
keeping in that easing guidance at the
last meeting so that Walsh gets to
decide with them what to do with it at
the June meeting. You think it was
orchestrated for the incoming Fed chair,
deliberately orchestrated, Krishna?
I think it would have been very
provocative to change the guidance 5
minutes before the new chair arrives.
And I think it's the fact that they
chose to defer the decision to June is
part of I think a larger pattern by
which you should think monetary policy
this year will essentially be a
structured negotiation between the old
chair at the old committee and the new
chair, not some kind of trench warfare
between them. So, this orchestrated
discussion or negotiation between the
old committee and the new Fed chair,
what is the new Fed chair arguing for
given the fact that the market seems to
be moving away from the Fed right now?
Well, I certainly think that the
economic circumstances are very
different from the ones that Walsh
thought he would be stepping into,
right? He thought he would be stepping
into a mid-2026 world where tariff
inflation was starting to roll over,
underlying inflation uh was starting to
move down, and he could fairly quickly
move the argument to rate cuts. That's
clearly not the world we're in now with
the oil shock from the war. And by the
way, the ongoing still not quite
resolved impasse between US and Iran,
that certainly means that he can't make
any kind of near-term push for cuts. I
think what he's quite going to try to do
is hold the line with an extended hold,
try not to hike this year unless he's
forced to do so
and then hope that the opportunity will
open up again for rate cuts possibly at
the very end of this year perhaps more
likely now in 2027.
There's a delta opening up between the
bond market and the stock market. When
you take a look at the bond market,
they're pricing in a rate hike early
next year. They've priced out the easing
bias a long time ago. If you take a look
at risk markets, Brian Levitt said it
perfectly. They're expecting that he'll
come in, he won't hike, he might sound
hawkish so that he can remain uh dovish
essentially, get that easing bias back
in and then cut rates by the end of the
year. Who's right?
Well, it's probably not 1-0, right? Um
but I do have personally a bias a little
bit more to the way the equity market is
reading this.
I think that the Fed will not hike rates
this year and I don't think the Fed will
likely hike rates next year either. I
still think the single most likely
outcome is that the inflation waves
ultimately wash through, underlying
inflation tracks back down towards
target in '27, and the next move is a
cut, not a hike. So, I do agree with
that basic diagnosis from the equity
market, but I certainly wouldn't be as
relaxed as some people are. The modal
case, the base case for inflation and
rates is lower and lower eventually,
but all the risks are to the upside and
I think that's what the rates market is
telling us. Krishna, conventional
thinking was that the president really
did want an interest rate cut ahead of
the midterm elections. Potentially, he's
giving Kevin Warsh some breathing room
and understands that he can't do much
right now given what is going on with
the Iran war. When do you think this
first cut could happen at the earliest?
Well, you're certainly right that I
think uh Kevin Warsh is going to get a
pass on June and July. The question is
whether uh Donald Trump can remain
patient and continue to give his pick,
his man, uh the flexibility from sort of
September onwards. I think there is some
risk that Trump starts to dial up the
pressure, let's say from September
onwards, with a view to trying to get
some easing before the midterm
elections. But, I think if you look at
the math around inflation, the need to
confirm that the tariff stuff's rolling
off, that the oil
market stabilizing, oil's coming down,
the pass-through from oil is moderate,
not more than that, that AI cost
spillovers are having some moderate
effect, but not a broader effect on
prices, that underlying disinflation is
coming through. I do believe it's
possible all that could come through in
time for December, but you have to run
the table. Everything's got to get go
right in order to get a window to cut at
the end of this year. Of course, he's
taking Steve Myron's seat. Do you have
any sense on when J. Powell's actually
going to leave?
So, that's a very interesting question.
I had anticipated that he would stay on,
but indicate that he would leave as soon
as the specific,
uh, you know, loose ends associated with
the investigation into,
uh, his conduct and the building project
cost overruns,
uh, were firmly tied up, locked down,
whatever your preferred metaphor is.
But, the way he presented it in the
press conference, his last as Fed chair,
was a broader than that. He seemed to be
indicating that he would stay until he
was confident that the wider set of
legal attacks on Fed independence had
been shut down and were not going to
come back. And, I think that relates to
at least at least rumor or chatter that
there is still, uh, probes or, you know,
uh, people in the administration looking
to see if they can find an angle, uh, on
some of the existing Fed members beyond
just Powell and Cook, the two who've
been in the public crosshairs.
And, my sense is that Jay is saying,
"Look, this all has to stop uh, before I
can step away." So, you know, if that's
the case, he could be gone within a few
months. If not, he could be around into
early next year. Krishna, it's good to
see you, sir. Appreciate your time.
Krishna go with that of Evercore. Going
after Central Bank independence is not a
good idea. We can all agree on that.
Widely stated, widely agreed on all of
that. Consequences is something we
focused on. Haven't seen real signs that
it's damaged the operational autonomy of
the Federal Reserve right now, at least
in the price of financial markets.
That's the good news. Where it could
damage the Federal Reserve is their
ability to manage optics at a time when
the incoming Fed chair wants to make
reforms to how they communicate. So,
let's go with inflation for instance. If
you say inflation's a choice and you
want to change the preferred measure for
inflation, people will look at that and
they'll assume they'll make the
accusation that you're doing that so you
can choose an index that offers you the
opportunity to cut interest rates.
Enter Governor Powell. This is where I
think Governor Powell can be a little
bit more helpful for Chair Warsh. If
Chair Warsh wants to make changes,
reasonable changes,
and it wants to manage the optics at the
same time, getting the sign up from
Governor Powell would be a decent way of
doing that because there are changes
that need to be made, reforms that need
to be made at this institution. And if
you can get the support from someone
who's been there and everyone knows he's
not just doing it to please the
president, then I think that's a decent
way of moving forward. That's the reason
why some people are saying actually it
could be helpful to the new Fed chair,
Warsh. At the same time, if they
disagree or if there's any
then we have a different story
[laughter] here completely all together.
It does though hinder how quickly Kevin
Warsh can move with some of the changes
that he wants to make given the fact
that people want to see a status quo
given the uncertainty right now in the
economy.
>> He's super well qualified. You've seen
how many establishment figures have
backed him up. But yeah, it complicates
life. It certainly complicates life for
the incoming Fed chair, Kevin Warsh.
Coming up next on the program, we'll
catch up with Tiffany McGhee of Pivotal
Advisors, Bob McNally of Rapidan Energy,
the NYSE President Lynn Martin, and
Debbie Cunningham of Federated. The
second hour of Bloomberg Surveillance up
next.
Markets are still viewing the driver of
higher rates here as being temporary.
>> starting to see some of that bond math
kicking in.
>> The fundamental data in the US is
[music] relatively strong.
>> It's possible the Fed could actually be
hiking rates.
>> I think we're higher for longer [music]
and that's here, it's across the globe.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Ferro, Lisa Abramowicz and Anne
Marie Hoordern.
Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning, good morning for our
audience worldwide. The second hour of
Bloomberg Surveillance starts right now
with stocks within 1% of all time highs
on the S&P 500 and heading towards an
eighth consecutive weekly [music] gain.
On the Nasdaq this morning firmer by
about a tenth of 1%. In the bond market
twos, [music] tens, 30s look like this.
Yields just about unchanged down a
single basis point on tens 455 heading
into this later on [music] this morning
4 hours away Kevin Warsh swearing in as
the Fed chair down in Washington D.C.
Over to you. Aren't you excited Kevin
Warsh to come into this Federal Reserve?
Take the helm at a time of surging
inflation in certain metrics and a bond
market that's
>> [music]
>> according to President Trump last year.
Yippee given where 10-year Treasury
yields have gone and given how much
yields have gone [music] up. How much
can he really give that dovish flavor
that the president is looking for? We've
[music] already established he kind of
can't for a little bit. Will he maintain
it though in the back of his mind and
how is the market adjusting because
right now risk markets are saying,
"Yeah, you can talk hawkish but we know
your story." And the bond market saying,
"Actually, we kind of think that maybe
you're going to have to actually execute
[music] some sort of rate hike. What
does he have control over right now? He
can't open the Strait of Hormuz. The
president can't open the Strait of
Hormuz at the moment. They're still
trying to [music] negotiate that. It's
not just the US bond market, the
Japanese bond market, the UK bond
market, the German bond market, the
global [music] fixed income market right
now testing just about everybody. Some
of the other aspects that people are
looking for, yes on one hand you could
say it's the oil price shock, but it's
also the commodity price shock that's
stemming from the AI outgrowth etc. Not
to mention the fact that you've seen
resilient consumer spending. You could
argue that we're at neutral
>> space in [music] the fact that the
economy has continued to move along at a
pretty hefty pace. How he messages AI
spending, how inflationary versus
disinflationary it is, [music] what that
sequencing looks like, and given what
kind of pain he sees or doesn't see in
the underlying economy will color how
people will understand his particular
reaction function.
>> Because all the issues right now that
are taking place, the president does
seem to give him [music] give him a
little bit of breathing room. He said to
a Fortune magazine, you can't really
look at the figures until the war is
over. To the Washington Examiner,
[music] I'm going to let him do what he
wants to do. He's a talented guy, he's
going to be fine. He's going to do a
good job. But what happens before the
midterm elections [music] if this
Federal Reserve is still on hold?
Conventional thinking was that this
president really wanted interest rate
cut before November.
>> We talk about the circus in the
commodity market, let's talk about it.
Brent right now 105, up by 2.7% [music]
WTI 98, up two percentage points.
The last 24 hours has been absolutely
[music] ridiculous with regards to
reports. Reporting by the way
on negotiating teams from both sides,
from the US side and on the Iran side.
>> Yeah, we seem to have removed some
roadblocks. We seem to be getting
closer. It looks great. We [music] just
want to keep our uranium and keep it
whole at the Strait of Hormuz. So then
it's this is absolutely unacceptable to
us, but we're getting closer, and the
[music] markets sort of
you know, like this, trying to figure
out who they should look at next.
>> Are they getting closer? We have been
here with the Iranians not just [music]
last year, for decades. They drag their
feet. Maybe they're getting closer
because maybe there's more conversations
happening, but the red lines for the
regime in this White House have [music]
not changed. And until someone is able
to give a meaningful concession, we're
not going to get some sort [music] of
agreement. But to your point, there's
two negotiations going on right now.
There's the Strait of Hormuz opening,
and then there's nuclear. And it's the
terms to negotiate to negotiate the
opening. Each side is [music] trying to
carve out the negotiation, and they're
doing that through various media reports
telling everybody what they think about
the current situation. The president at
the same time trying to manage financial
markets, [music]
and you have to say he's done a decent
job of that because things have got to
got really out of control.
That's where we are. That's why things
are so confusing. The reason why this is
a difficult story is because it's like
an asteroid coming toward Earth, and
people are like, [music] should we shoot
it out of the sky, but it might miss,
but I'm not sure, and like how much time
do we actually have? And then at the
same time you sort of have this vague
sense that the asteroid still coming
closer. So it kind of is the discussion
between markets are saying, yeah, but
it'll get blown up because it's not
feasible for it actually to get here.
And the asteroid
>> [music]
>> strategist saying,
it's not great. Breakfast news with
Brema.
>> [laughter]
>> Oh, come on. Asteroid. So right. Coming
up on the [music] program, Tiffany McGee
of Pivotal Advisors with stocks inching
towards an eighth consecutive weekly
gain. [music]
The NYSE president Lynn Martin as Wall
Street awaits its largest IPO in
history, and Deborah Cunningham of
Federated looking ahead to the swearing
in of Fed chair Kevin Warsh. We begin
this hour with stocks steady following
back-to-back gains. Tiffany McGee of
Pivotal Advisors writing, "Focus on
quality, strong balance sheets, pricing
power, and durable earnings." Tiffany
joins us now for more. Tiffany, welcome
to the program. We focus so much on tech
and tech stocks and the outperformance
of chips up until recently. This week,
small caps, the equal weight, just a
quiet rally picking up there, Tiffany.
What's going on?
Listen, there's a lot going on. This is
So, a good morning. Thanks for having
me. So listen, first of all, I think
that the market the markets are like
trying to really price in multiple
things at once, right? So, AI-led
earnings power, Fed patience, we've got
geopolitical energy risk. That's a lot
to digest before coffee. Uh and then you
throw in some electioneer some
electioneer noise and and a new Fed
chair for good measure and you know,
these things aren't really going away
anytime soon. And so that idea that
saying that we always say kind of sell
in May and go away maybe tempting, but
you know, after a strong rally, you
know, market timing really requires two
um you know, two hard calls. When to get
out when to get out and when to get back
in, right? And so the bigger story, I
think, right? To your point you
mentioned small caps
is really how well-diversified investors
um that are thinking a little longer
term have been rewarded for staying
invested, right? And so just just by the
numbers, right? If we look at
one-year cumulative returns, let's look
at small caps through last week,
uh up 35%, right? Emerging markets up
45%, growth over up 25%, value up 25%.
You want to talk fixed income, high
yield, up 7%. But wait, there's more.
You know, when you look at the
three-year cumulative number, right? So
not just just a little bit further out,
small caps up over 65%, emerging markets
up 86%, growth up 103%,
value up 63%, high yield up 20. Listen,
the numbers tell the story. You stay
diversified, you stay disciplined, and
you get rewarded. Tiffany, what's the
biggest risk right now? Is some sort of
a decline in the high-flying stocks or
some sort of resurgence in inflation?
Yeah, I think um
I think it's both, right? I I again, we
have these uh these um multiple things
are kind of swarming around and our view
is that listen, like fundamentals really
kind of remain solid and the four and
the Fed we know you know, you were
talking about the Fed a little bit
earlier is I I think it's it's likely to
remain on hold, right?
And um
we have all of these things swarming.
And so how do you prepare for that,
right? Um
and and you and really you think less
about the short-term and more about the
longer term, right? And so I you know, I
just kind of laid out the power of of
strategic asset allocation, right? You
know, don't need to predict to predict
every headline correctly to participate
in in a long-term wealth creation. You
just need a really thoughtful allocation
and diversification process.
How much do you actually get pushback
from a lot of clients who are getting
concerned about how heady things are? I
mean, how much do you find yourself
counseling people on this repeatedly
because they want to just pile into
cash. They're not feeling great even
though markets are hitting new highs.
Yeah, I mean, so
all of our clients are institutions, um
but they've got very varying levels of
of investment knowledge. And so I think
we do a lot in the beginning to really
set the expectation, right? So, you
know, having a plan,
uh setting a strategic asset allocation
is very very important. And so we we we
do kind of preach that gospel of
diversification. Um but yeah, you know,
certainly through March around March
clients were
you know, really kind of looking at at
at the volatility and getting nervous,
but you know, I I think at the end of
the day, um you know, that you need to
have the discipline to not let the scary
headlines become an investment policy,
right? So, that's exactly where where
asset allocation comes in. Tiffany,
>> But yeah, I mean,
How are you feeling about the IPO market
coming up? Or do you want to get
involved in some of these companies that
we're going to see? Massive companies
coming, SpaceX, Anthropic, OpenAI.
Yeah, um so I think each of those have a
very interesting story. You know, when
when you talk about uh SpaceX, um don't
we don't think it's really going to be
it's going to be just like like a
regular IPO, right? So, it'd be, you
know, more like a test of whether public
markets are, you know, willing to pay
private market prices. And so it really
for like a company it's part
rocket business, uh part broadband
company, part defense contractor, and
maybe part AI infrastructure platform,
right? And so all of that with Elon Musk
kind of government risk attached, right?
So, I think investors when they think
about that are kind of focused on how
much control Elon Musk retains on
whether public shareholders will have
meaningful influence. And so, you know,
I think SpaceX is getting a lot of
attention. And that might be the IPO
that everybody wants, but I think that
governance structure may really remind
us that access is kind of like not the
same thing as control. So, I think
that's a little bit of an of an
interesting move. Interesting, Tiffany.
Appreciate your take. Thank you. Tiffany
McGhee there of Pivotal Advisors on the
SpaceX IPO happening a little bit later
this morning at 7:30 Eastern Time.
Catching up with the NYSE President Lynn
Martin on the race to secure some of
these IPOs. Nothing regular about any of
this. We're going to see some of the
biggest IPOs we've ever seen. Not just
SpaceX, but OpenAI and Anthropic. These
aren't what IPOs used to look like.
Fairly young, useful companies coming to
market where the best growth might be in
front of them. Some of these companies
are super mature and have been around
for years.
>> Yeah, and what's notable is how some of
the indexes are adjusting to this. The
Nasdaq changed the rules to allow some
of these shares to get into the broader
benchmarks within 15 days. That
previously was a couple of months. So,
it gives you a sense of how quickly this
will get fed into public portfolios
given the past history and how this
really was a lot slower. We'll spend
some time on that a little bit later
this morning. Nasdaq futures up by 10th
of 1% with an update on stories
worldwide with your Bloomberg Brief.
Vonnie Quinn has more. Hey, Vonnie. Hey,
John. Thank you. The White House and
Pentagon clashing over rare earths. The
Pentagon debating whether to scrap an
$80 million conditional loan to rare
earths refiner REE Elements Technologies
over doubts about its ability to scale
its technology and long-term revenue
[music] forecasts.
Smart ring maker Oura Health filing
confidentially for an IPO seeking to
capitalize on growing demand for
wearable devices. Sources telling us
here at Bloomberg the company is working
with banks including Goldman Sachs,
Morgan Stanley, and JP Morgan.
>> [snorts]
>> In sports, the Knicks winning their
ninth straight playoff game beating the
Cleveland Cavaliers 109 to 93 in game
two of the East Finals. Josh Hart scored
a playoff career high 26 points. Game
three tips off Saturday [music] night in
Cleveland. And that is your Bloomberg
brief, John.
>> Ivani, thank you. They just don't lose
anymore. No. What's the streak running
at now? Nine straight playoff wins for
the [music] Knicks. Two more wins and
we're in the finals. Six more wins, we
have a championship.
>> Okay, amazing. Up next on the program,
controlling [music]
the Strait of Hormuz.
We have total control of the Strait of
Hormuz. [music] The Iran conflict,
that'll end soon, very soon. And when it
ends, your gasoline prices will go down
lower than they were before. Up next,
we'll catch up with the Rapidan Energy
President Bob McNally live from New York
City this morning. Good morning.
Check it out into the long weekend,
another read on consumer sentiment, rock
bottom. It's unreal this is.
Multi-decades.
This survey goes back to what, the late
70s?
And we've got sentiment at rock bottom,
worse than it was
in the GFC, worse than it was in the
pandemic. [music]
And I get it, people are worried about
the future. AI is a part of that.
You've got gasoline prices at multi-year
highs, mortgage costs are too high.
There's a lot of complaints out there
right now, and it shows up in this
sentiment survey. Does it show up in the
economy? And some people are saying that
on the margins, you're starting to see
>> [music]
>> a little erosion of the buying desires
given the fact that prices have gotten
higher and people don't feel good. The
long-term purchases, that's what we're
hearing about. The idea that people
aren't buying homes, that they're not
buying furniture, that those kinds of
investments maybe are going away. Well,
still exploring the Instagram [music]
moments while taking planes to various
places. Consumers aren't happy with this
economy for a bunch of reasons.
Strategists on Wall Street love this
market. [music] Futures up by 1/10 of 1%
within 1% of all-time highs. We've had
seven upgrades since the war started,
seven price target increases since the
war started. The latest from CIBC and
Chris Harvey at 8020 versus 7450
previously. That's quite an upgrade to
your price target [music] into year end.
>> It's the earnings. It keeps being the
earnings. Lori Calvasina trying to make
the math work for a doomsday scenario
because that's what she's getting asked
by clients who are getting concerned
about how far this rally is going. And
she's saying we have to throw so much at
this market for it to go down in any
sort of significant [music] way. It
really has been about earnings that have
outstripped the price increase, the PE
ratios, right? So, this is the issue
that people are looking [music] at
stocks and saying arguably they're
cheaper than they were six months ago
because of how quickly the E in the PE
multiple has expanded.
>> In [music] percentage terms, you expect
recoveries to be really sharp coming out
of out of recoveries, out of downturns.
So, economic depressions like GFC or the
pandemic, [music] and then you expect
this, just a sharp recovery in earnings.
Outside of those periods,
we have not seen
earnings like this in decades. [music]
You take out GFC and the pandemic,
haven't seen earnings growth like this
in decades. It's been that good.
>> It's been driven by AI. It's been driven
by the fact that everyone needs to buy
their [music] chips so that they can be
on the hyperscaler
surge to fame. But at the same time,
you're seeing it in other companies as
well. Is this because some of the bigger
companies are getting more efficient? Is
it because of AI? Is it because they're
just cutting people who they didn't like
since the pandemic? Who they now have
the capacity to fight I mean, really,
this is sort of the what people are
talking [music] about as they look at
some of the earnings that keep beating
expectations.
>> to energy. This is the problem for a lot
of you. The headlines around this story
is the problem for all of you. Brent
crude and WTI look like this. Brent
crude at 105, WTI this morning at 98.
Higher on both of those contracts this
morning by more than 2%. Under
Savannah's this morning, controlling the
Strait of Hormuz.
We have total control of the Strait of
Hormuz to an international waterway and
not [music] charging tolls. We want it
open. We want it free. We don't want
tolls. The Iran conflict, that will end
soon, very soon. And when it ends, your
gasoline prices will go down lower than
they were before. Here's the latest this
morning, the president asserting US
control of the Strait of Hormuz. Iran
and Oman discussing a tolling system for
the critical waterway. Bloomberg's
Taylor Rigby has the latest from
Washington. Hey Taylor.
Hey John, good morning. Well, Iran's
ambassador to France did tell Bloomberg
News yesterday that there are these
active discussions underway with Oman to
formalize a potential toll payment
system. And while President Trump has
maintained that no ships are getting
through the Strait without US approval.
And CENTCOM did say earlier this week
that so far 88 commercial vessels have
been turned around. New this morning,
Iranian state media is reporting that
the IRGC claims that 35 ships have been
able to pass through the Strait in the
last day after seeking permission. A
potential toll payment system is of
course raising some serious questions
under international law, let alone of
course concerns when it comes to the
US's negotiating position. As Secretary
of State Marco Rubio maintains that if
any system is implemented, that would
make a peace deal ultimately unfeasible.
Iran's bid to formalize control over the
Strait isn't going to make regional
allies too happy either. There was this
one analysis cited by the Wall Street
Journal that estimates that Gulf states
would pay between 80 to 95% of the total
cost of tolls if they were implemented.
The Strait of Hormuz was only one of the
points of contention that really rose to
the top of the conversation yesterday
after Reuters reported that Iran's
supreme leader maintains that the
country's stockpile of highly enriched
uranium isn't going anywhere. Yet John,
even as we get what appears to be
pushback and a lack of progress towards
a deal, we also got some signs of
optimism. Iranian state media saying
yesterday that some of the gaps have
been bridged. Secretary of State Marco
Rubio this morning telling reporters
that some progress has been made. It
feels like perhaps there could be some
movement around this phase deal to get
the Strait of Hormuz opened as quickly
as possible and kick the can down the
road on negotiations on curbs on Iran's
nuclear program. But that at this point
no formal confirmation from either of
the sides.
>> Tyler, everyone's exhausted. I'm sure
you are too. We appreciate the update.
Tyler Kendo over in Washington D.C. To
build on this, Bob McNally as rapid and
energy writing going forward, key shock
absorbers will wear off. The window for
avoiding a 2008-style train wreck
narrows with every week Hormuz stay
shut. Bob joins us now from our Bob,
welcome to the program. That's quite a
statement. The options in front of the
president maintain the blockade
certainly getting more difficult as the
weeks go by, resume the hostilities, or
walk away. Where do you think we're
going here?
Hey John, you know, the market is skated
by
on optimism that this Hormuz closure
will abruptly and quickly end and by
using those shock absorbers SPR, oil on
the water, inventory declines, etc.
Asian refiners dropping runs. We're just
saying as we model like if we go through
all of July without Hormuz, another 450
billion barrel million barrels gone.
We think at that point, you know, no one
knows where tank bottoms are. It's never
been observed. But it's a real concept.
And as we get down to 2.2
billion barrels in OECD inventories, we
think oil prices are going to do John
what they have done many times since
World War
II. End of the party, catalyze a an
economic downturn. And so the president
I think though, you know, the White
House seems to be optimistic that
they're winning. So is Iran. Both sides
are playing for time. And so that
optimism that that Tyler mentioned, I I
think that comes from if there's one
thing that Tehran and Washington may
agree on is they might not want to see
escalation of military conflict right
now. They'd rather keep this in a status
quo and wait each other out. Each side
confident as time goes by it gets worse
for the other. When you're looking at
your models Bob, what do you see in
terms of I know you see oil prices maybe
potentially middle of the summer. Where
do you see gasoline prices across the
United States?
Well, you know, if if we get up to a 130
Brent price, you know, we are probably
making new highs at least on a daily
basis in terms of average pump prices.
So we're above $5 a gallon average of
course much higher than that on the
coasts.
And however, if we when we modeled, you
know, let's lose Hormuz for July as well
and don't get that oil back from from
until August, then Anne Marie, you know,
we're into a high hundred dollar range
175 or so Brent. Now you're well over $6
a gallon pump prices. So that's a dollar
a dollar per gallon higher than the last
high seen in 2022. So they're numbers
the president doesn't want to see my my
friend Kevin Warsh is going to do a
great job in White House colleague. He
doesn't want to see his colleagues in
the Fed. Those are numbers you don't
want to see. Well, then what do you
think the domestic response would be
from this president? Does he capitulate
on Iran or does he move some levers
around potentially within the United
States? Does you know, the rumors and
idea of an export ban say come back?
Yeah, so
we think when when pushed the
president's not going to cave in we
think on Iran. He feels deeply and
strongly about nuclear proliferation in
a way his predecessors have not in our
view. And this is legacy for him. He's
not running again. And so we think it's
more likely we will see military
escalation. Look in the near term in the
next few days, there's a decent chance,
about as close to 50/50. We don't allow
50/50 odds at Rapidan, so we're sort of
40/60. We might get a framework that
basically kicks the can down the road
and avoids escalation, okay? But if we
don't see that over this weekend, it's
more likely President Trump to end this
end this blockage. Uh he will resort to
military pressure with the goal there
being raise the cost on Iran, begin to
attrit their ability to stop those
ships, hoping that they then will will
do a ceasefire that allow the free flow
to continue or resume. How high do oil
prices have to get before you see actual
demand destruction enough to offset to
become a sort of self-correcting cycle?
So we're already seeing a little bit
even at these prices. It's mainly in
Asia, it's mainly uh petchem, it's
mainly airlines dropping rates and so
forth. As we look elsewhere, you know,
we look at things like Rotterdam gas oil
spreads, those aren't in contango yet,
so we don't see real demand destruction
there. The weeklies in the US are
showing US product demand is okay, so I
think we have to go well into the
mid-high $100 range abruptly. And then
here's the key thing, you just were
talking about equity markets here and
all the optimism. I mean, at some point
there's going to be a decoupling. I
don't think the equity markets can go up
while oil prices are going up. And if
you see that broad sort of uh
capitulation in these financial markets
to the reality of higher oil prices, I
think then you'll start to see more
widespread demand destruction throughout
the economy. But right now we've only
seen a little bit. We haven't seen that
much yet. How much have some of the
fiscal plans by governments around the
world delayed, prolonged how long it's
going to take to see demand destruction
that could actually be the cure, at
least temporarily and painfully to the
prices that we're seeing right now?
It's a big deal. I mean, uh governments
have subsidized consumers. We have in
the United States, it's coinciding with
a big uh tax cut going into place, so
fiscal stimulus, so fiscal,
uh, subsidies and support has been
provided, some of it planned in response
to these high oil prices, especially in
Asia, uh, some of it not just
coincidental, but it is definitely
helping to sort of uh, let the markets
skate by here for the last 2 months.
Shock absorbers, fiscal stimulus,
confidence that this is going to end
soon, all of those things have sort of
pinned oil prices to a level where
equity markets can ignore it. Going into
summer, if this continues, we think that
wears off. All right, Bobby, it's good
to hear from you, sir. As always, thank
you, Bobby McNally there Rapid Energy
President.
>> [snorts]
>> We can keep going back to the same three
options. Option one is maintain the
blockade. They like option one, they're
comfortable with option one, you listen
to Bob there. Option one is not going to
be an option in the next few weeks. The
idea of oil prices spiking to the mid to
upper 100s is a different prospect that
even AI can't really contradict. That at
some point, you will have to get some
recognition of this in risk assets.
Also, it's easy to do verbal
intervention when there are inventories.
How difficult is it going to be when we
get to the very bottom of those
inventory
>> [music]
>> levels? It's going to be hard for this
White House to keep pushing prices down.
>> This right now is not what the stock
market is focused on. This is what the
stock market is focused on. We'll catch
up with the NACE president, Lynn Martin,
as Wall Street prepares for a series of
blockbuster IPOs. Plus, your high risk
got some morning movers. Ross Stores
delivering an earnings beat, that stock
is up by more than 4%.
Today, Wednesday, the S&P 500 adding
just a little bit of weight to the rally
this morning, up by 1/10 of 1% on course
for an eighth consecutive weekly gain on
the the [music] 500. Haven't had a down
week since March. Just unreal. And the
Nasdaq this morning up another tenth of
1% in the bond market. Check it out.
Twos, tens, thirties. [music]
Thirties still close to multi-decade
highs. Levels we haven't seen since
2007.
Breaking away from them this morning
down by basis point. 5.1% let's call it
going into the swearing in ceremony. The
chair of Walsh a little bit later this
morning at the White House.
>> There are a lot of questions about who
Kevin Walsh is, what his reaction
function is going to be. [music] In some
ways you could say that the committee
set him up to do the difficult thing of
removing the easing bias despite the
fact that the president [music]
is pressuring him to lower rates at
least previously had been. I know he has
backed away from that just a little bit.
Ultimately, the debate is a real
economic one. Is this a market more
prime for rate hikes or rate cuts? What
is the appropriate path of travel? Who
is Kevin Walsh? Always the bridesmaid,
never the bride except for today. And
what a moment it is for him. A difficult
environment for him to come into this.
And I know I've been talking about the
president backing off, but how long can
this last? Everyone I spoke to when the
president came in, the whole idea was to
try to get interest rates lower before
the mid-term election. And now it might
be the hardest [music] time for a Fed
chair to continue on that.
>> This is a wedding the president will be
attending. Yes. He'll be officiating
this wedding. He's known him a long
time. You like that, don't you? And the
guests, the guest list is actually quite
impressive.
>> go there? No. Don't fancy it. I just
think I don't either. That's That's as
far as I'll go. That's as far as I'll
go. Counting you down to the open about
two hours away. Let's get you some
morning movers, some single names. Yohai
Ra has more. Hi Yohai Ra. Hey John, we
start with Ross Stores. Those shares are
jumping up 4 and 1/2% in the pre-market
after it raised [music] its full year
outlook and saw same store sales jump
17% last quarter. That was a record and
nearly double what Wall Street expected.
It echoes what we heard from TJX earlier
this week that the consumer is
increasingly looking for value. Uh
turning to [music] Take-Two shares,
those are also rising in the pre-market
up 2 and 1/2% after the company
announced that Grand Theft Auto 6 will
officially launch on November 19th,
easing investor concerns that we would
see another delay with this video game
franchise that is expected to be the
biggest entertainment launch of the
decade. [music]
And we end on US-listed Chinese tech
firms Alibaba and Baidu getting hit in
the premarket after Beijing announced a
new crackdown on cross-border investing,
reigniting fears that China could once
again take a
>> [music]
>> tougher stance when it comes to internet
firms like these just as investors
started warming up to the space because
China had become more supportive of
these firms as it tries [music] to
compete with the US on artificial
intelligence. John. Yohai, thank you.
Thank you very much. We should have a
rule. You never talk about someone's
family, but the president went there. We
got to talk about this.
Describing your son as someone you've
known a long time
is just brilliant. Sometimes the
president is just Seriously, he's a
comedian.
>> No, it's hilarious. I mean, to me, I saw
these pictures of people being like, you
know, there's this kid, he's got a
soccer game, but I've got a meeting. You
know, I've known him a long time.
It's my son. I mean, look, he he
For people who don't know, he was
talking about his son's wedding, and he
said he [music] didn't know if he could
attend. You know, I've known him a long
time.
>> It's this weekend. So, if he attends,
there would need to be a lot of planning
cuz apparently it's in the Bahamas.
Originally, they wanted to get married
in the White House. Think the president
think the optics of that would be great.
Also, the ballroom's not ready yet.
>> [music]
>> And the president said he's going to get
killed either way if he goes or doesn't
go.
>> away. All right. And I'll read that this
morning. Thanks for explaining it, Lisa.
US Secretary of State Marco Rubio
arguing against Iran's push to create a
permanent tolling system in the Strait
of Hormuz.
I don't know of anyone in the world that
would that should be in favor of a
tolling system in an international
waterway. That's just not acceptable. It
can't happen. If that were to happen in
the Straits of Hormuz, it will happen in
five other places around the world.
Iran's discussions with Oman suggest a
The to end the war with the US may still
be out of reach. That's where the
president swearing in Kevin Walsh as
Federal Reserve chair later this
morning. Walsh taking over with a
divided committee and the threat of
rising inflation. And finally, SpaceX
delayed a critical test of its Starship
rocket just seconds before launch.
Engineers blaming a hydraulic pin
malfunction. The snag coming one day
after Elon Musk's company filed publicly
for what could be the largest IPO in
history.
>> On one hand, you could say this is a
pretty big setback given that the
ambition is to have 20 launches a day as
we were talking about with Pierre
Ferragu earlier. On the other hand, you
could say is SpaceX actually a space
company or is it a satellite company?
And that has been where the revenues
have been coming from and frankly, those
revenues have been skyrocketing. So at a
certain point, again, it goes to the
heart of what is SpaceX? Is it just a
financing mechanism for the hopes and
dreams of Elon Musk? Well, they want to
have AI data centers in space. And it's
not just SpaceX that wants to do this.
This is also a key takeaway for
for Jeff Bezos and Blue Origin. When I
spoke to Blue Origin CEO a few months
ago, they it was just when they stopped
doing commercial flights. Remember all
the celebrities saying they went to
space? Sure. Because this is what they
want to focus on. They want to be
competitive when it comes to putting
data centers in space.
>> what's pretty cool? TV wise in a few
weeks time, these space events are going
to be market events and you can have the
stock there as these things are taking
off. Oh. I just think as a TV producer
that's pretty cool, right?
Very cool.
>> is awesome and I love the ambition and
excitement. Like I I want to get excited
about Mars again. I want to get excited
about the idea of living on Mars.
>> That's where I was going, but yeah. All
right, me too.
Let's stick with IPOs. OpenAI and
Anthropic joining SpaceX in the battle
for control of the multi-trillion dollar
AI market. I'm very pleased to say that
joining us here in studio is the nice
president, Lynn Martin. Lynn, it's good
to see you. Great to be with you.
>> Fantastic to catch up. I want to talk
about all the success of your
institution in just a moment, but one
particular name that jumps out, SpaceX.
And it's going to be on the Nasdaq. And
they changed a couple of rules to maybe
encourage them to go over there and and
not over here. What did you make of
those rule changes? Well, from our
perspective, market integrity is not
something that is a competitive dynamic
and some of the rules that have been
changed to woo some of the the the large
companies you you referenced SpaceX are
are questionable. And from our
perspective, what is most important to
us is protecting investors, particularly
the mom-and-pops in the market. And when
you think about the ETFs and that they
invest in and the rules that have been
changed, it's a question mark. Let's
talk about the so-called seasoning
period. So, for the S&P 500 to enter
that, I believe the seasoning period is
about 12 months. For the Nasdaq 100, for
these particular names, it'll be 15
days. What kind of complications does
that introduce for individual investors?
So, I actually think that the fast-track
aspect um does merit a discussion. And I
know S&P, for example, has a
consultation out to the market today
whether it should be 12 months or it
should be 6 months.
I don't know what the right number is
there. I know that the index providers,
particularly those that don't have
conflicts of interest, are going to
figure it out to the benefit of retail
investors, allowing
companies to be included in the flagship
indices like the S&P 500 in a quicker
form. Um so, I think that is actually a
good discussion to have. Rushing that
type of rule change out though is in in
order to accommodate a listing um is is
a question mark. I think the bigger
thing, which you've heavily covered on
Bloomberg, is the float multiplier
um that that should be looked at more
closely. And I guess we'll we'll figure
out what what happens in the next couple
of weeks.
>> follow up on that? So, let's talk about
it. I'll be talking about some of these
names, and I'll say they've got a market
cap of like 2 trillion, whatever the
number might be. The actual float, just
how low is the actual float going to be?
Uh I mean I think the S-1 is really what
you should look at for the percentage of
that will actually be floated. But the
the what I'm referring to is the three
times multiplier that Nasdaq in
particular has put on SpaceX. Just to
give some context, people are worried
that some of the new IPOs are going to
have a disproportionate impact and
waiting in some of the indexes.
How much do you see that as a potential
liability especially without a longer
seasoning
period to really protect retail
investors? Yeah, I mean it comes back to
what I was saying earlier. It's about
It's about market integrity and the
protection of retail investors. Uh
to be honest, I just don't know what
effect this is going to have on the
market. And something that economists
have covered heavily, economists, you
know, independently have covered
heavily. So it'll be interesting to
watch. In the meantime, this is a real
sea change when it comes to market
dynamics cuz we've talked about the
shrinking IPO market and how the
shrinking equity public equity space has
really strained
a lot of people's expectations of
exactly how capital markets should
progress. How much do you welcome all of
the IPOs this year versus get a little
bit concerned that it could overflow a
market that hasn't been used to this
type of supply? You know, it's been a
good year so far for IPOs. I know that
the big three that you flashed earlier,
the ones that are getting a tremendous
amount of attention, but there are have
been a great amount of IPOs coming to
market already across all industries.
Um and we've We're working with a
variety of other companies to bring them
public, too. Um I think that actually
speaks to the diversification
that is coming to market across all
industry. You've got the energy markets,
you've got the um consumer names coming
to market, industrials are very much
having a moment. So, it's across
multiple sectors. And I think that's
actually welcomed by retail investors.
They don't just want to invest in Elon
Musk,
despite the fact that he is, you know,
one of the great innovators in history.
They want to invest They want to have a
balanced portfolio. You just got to
spend some time with Elon Musk and the
press.
>> I was just with him in China.
>> Yeah, I was on that trip as well. Can
you pull back the curtain for us and
tell us what Chinese officials actually
told American businesses? Yeah, I mean,
the message that America was really
delivering on that trip. I think it was
the first time in history that an
administration had ever brought
20 of the leading CEOs cross-sector
of in of the market to a state visit. Um
the message that we were delivering was
that business could really be
transformative in transcending
geopolitical barriers and could play an
incredibly important role and does play
an incredibly important role in the
geopolitical dynamic. How do you see
this relationship developing? Do you see
Chinese companies at one point being
able more of them coming on to American
stock exchanges? It really depends on
the governance. Um one of the things
that we're focused on is how our markets
continue to be transformed
uh over the long term, but we would
never sacrifice the transparency that
that the US stock exchanges in
particular require.
Can we finish on integrity? Because it's
something we've talked about repeatedly
on this program. It's been a sense,
particularly with this war in the last 2
months or so, that people might have
information ahead of time. I'm sure
you're having those conversations as
well.
I worry that if people start to believe
someone's got an edge that they don't
have, that they're trading on
information that nobody else has before
it becomes public. The people would
disengage and it will affect liquidity.
These are the kind of things I'm sure
you worry about, too. How important is
it to get to the bottom of what's been
taking place in just the last 2 months
alone? I mean, one of the things that I
was very much focused on and continues
to be focused on is anyone with inside
information and market integrity. And I
think our regulators do an excellent job
at surveilling those markets to ensure
that people don't have information ahead
of the general public. Are there
conversations happening now to get to
the bottom of some of the price action
through March into April?
Um I mean, I think the regulators are
continuing to increase the amount of
tools that they have at their disposal.
I think actually AI is going to present
an amazing opportunity. In what way? It
will present opportunity for regulators
to surveil markets at a much
greater speed. It's something actually,
one of our first use cases has been
deploying AI to surveil our markets
given the increasing messaging that we
have
at our matching engines. Cuz you and I
both love capitalism. We've got a bias.
We aggressively love capitalism and and
free markets. And I just wonder that
people lose losing faith a bit so far
this year. I don't think they're losing
faith. Um I'm the eternal optimist,
though. I'm the person that's going to
see the the glass is half full, and
that's why it was such an honor to
represent the US last week in China to
talk about the role of American markets.
We just turned 234 years old this past
weekend. We have We've We've survived
multiple pandemics, wars, financial
crisis, you name it. And every time our
markets have become stronger, more
transparent, more liquid. And that's
because of the development of
technology, technology tools that enable
price discovery to happen in the most
efficient fashion possible and enable
our regulators to surveil those markets
and continue to build that trust. Are
you concerned that if there is some sort
of deflation of the enthusiasm around AI
that that could undermine people's
confidence in markets akin to what
happened in the aftermath of 2008? I
think there has been a bit of a
broadening out of the the aperture of
what is happening in the world today.
So, if you look at coming back to your
question on IPOs, some of the IPOs that
have come to market are industrials.
They're energy. They're infrastructure
plays that aren't just focused on AI.
Our grid needs modernization, and I
think there's a acknowledgement in the
administration that our grid has needed
modernization for some time. So, you
actually look at great industrial
companies, great energy companies coming
to market that are going to benefit and
are going to really drive that
industrial revolution, the next phase of
it. Let me finish.
>> AI or
anything that's required in in the grid.
A massive year ahead for you. So, it's
great to catch you up. Thanks for giving
some time.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> Thank you so much for dropping by. Lynn
Martin there, the nice president. Equity
futures right now in the S&P 500
slightly firmer. Let's get you an update
on news worldwide with your Bloomberg
brief. Bonnie Quigley has more. Hey,
Bonnie. Hey, John. Thank you. Samsung is
paying almost $27 billion in bonuses to
chip employees this year. It's part of
that last-minute deal with labor unions
to avert a strike. Based on 2026 profit
estimates, [music] Bloomberg calculates
the average payout per worker at about
$340,000.
IMAX is exploring a sale. The Wall
Street Journal reporting the company has
approached entertainment companies as
potential buyers. The Journal is saying
the sale process is in its early stages
and may not result in a deal.
Argentine football legend Lionel Messi
joining the billionaire club. Messi's
career skyrocketed after he received
growth hormone treatment way back
[music] in his teens as part of his FC
Barcelona contract. Well, according to
Bloomberg analysts, he's earned more
than $700 million in just salary and
bonuses since 2007.
And that is your Bloomberg Brief, John.
Savannah, thank [music] you. Thanks for
the update. Up next on the program, a
changing of the Fed guard.
The new Fed chair, he's going to have
his work cut out just to stop the rest
of the committee trying to push for for
higher rates if any rate cuts is
off the cards, but the majority of the
FOMC is going to [music] keep their
heads down, try to get through 2020
uh six. Deborah Kan of Gimme Fed Rated
joins us next.
Stocks are positive up by a quarter of
1% on the S&P [music] 500. On the Nasdaq
up by 2/10 of 1% also. If you turn to
the bond markets, switch out the board
and check out treasuries going into a
Fed event a little bit later on this
morning. 2-year yields are north of 4%
above the policy rate of the Federal
Reserve and having a little sneak peek
of a future that might include a rate
hike. [music] And this Savannah is this
morning, a changing of the Fed guard.
The new Fed chair,
>> [music]
>> he's going to have his work cut out just
to stop the rest of the committee trying
to push for for higher rates if any rate
[music] cuts is
off the cards, but the majority of the
FOMC is going to keep their heads down,
try to get through 2020
uh six, see how the situation [music]
the government finally resolves itself
and then see what the trajectory of the
economy and inflation is at that point.
So, here's the latest this morning,
President Trump swearing in Kevin Warsh
as the new Reserve chair at 11:00 a.m.
Eastern time. The FOMC coming off the
institution's most divided meeting in
about three decades. Deborah Cunningham
of Federated writing Warsh is likely to
uphold Fed independence and be guided by
the data. He cannot afford to lose
credibility. Deborah joins us now for
more. Deborah, welcome to the show.
Let's get to the June meeting. If they
don't drop that easing bias, given
what's happening with inflation right
now, do they lose credibility?
Well, I think that's the first real
test. I mean, I don't know that they
lose all credibility at that point in
time if the market if they don't give to
the market what it's expecting and
wanting, but I think it takes it a notch
lower. So, there's a little bit more to
build back if they don't remove that
bias. It's certainly based on what we
saw from the minutes of the last meeting
was
contested as to whether or not it should
have been removed then. It might have
been an easier process to have done
that, but it's that's history at this
point. So, we're looking to this next
meeting and the expectation is the bias
will be removed.
>> Deborah, when you've got a full fully
seated FOMC, there's 19 members there.
Voting members is 12. Can you just
compare and contrast the hawkish dovish
makeup of each of those? Because we had
Krista Guoco come on the program earlier
and she he said yes, there's some
hawkish pushback, but as the voting
members of those 12, he said that's
still pretty dovish.
I would say there's at least one, maybe
two more on the dovish side. I'd say the
majority of the the the voters are in
the centrist camp.
And what we see with the current change
that will occur today with Warsh coming
on
and taking, you know, the the the Powell
spot and Powell taking the Myron spot.
Powell still stays as a centrist. Warsh
comes on in Myron's role as the dove and
the complexion really doesn't change.
What is interesting is the makeup of the
doves and the hawks. The hawks for the
for the most part at this point um are
are generally the uh regional bank
presidents that that are, you know, the
the three that dissented um because of
the wording from the last meeting.
Uh that those those are staying the
same, whereas on the dovish side um you
generally have more of the the the FOMC
governors that are in that space. But
I'd say it's one, maybe two more on the
dovish side with the bulk being in the
centrist side. Given the fact that stock
markets don't seem to think that this is
a Fed that's going to hike rates anytime
soon or ever in the next few years, do
you think that it is an opportunity for
short-term rates for investing in the
front end of the yield curve that seems
to be pricing that in?
We we do. Honestly, we're looking at
something that um
you know,
we were concerned that we were going to
go down into the low 3% and perhaps
even, you know, pierce that veil and go
into the 2% two handle range um sometime
in 2026 or early 2027. And um from our
own short-term investment committee
standpoint at Federated Hermes, we no
longer believe that to be the case. And
so we've kind of uh rearranged where we
think the most value on the curve is
right now, and that stands with um short
rate products like money market funds,
micro short type of products that are on
the very front end of the yield curve
that have very low risk, um but are also
looking at yields that are in the high
3% at this point.
>> Is this a political call? Kevin Warsh
will be motivated to remain on hold for
a longer period of time that the
threshold to hike is that much higher as
a result of the political backdrop, or
is this a market call that inflation's
going to come rapidly down, potentially
growth also will decelerate?
I think there's a concern about both. Um
you know, I the jury's out on Marsh.
Everybody wants to, uh, you know, be
behind him and expect that the
independence of the Fed will be
maintained. And if I go back to the
original, you know, sort of five
candidates for this position, he is our
pick. We were we're happy with this
this, um, you know, swearing in today.
Uh, on the other hand, uh, if you have
inflation that continues to be, uh,
influenced by geopolitical
considerations and what's happening from
a war in Iran and a and an energy price
and food price inflationary, uh,
environment,
you you might, you know, see the the
consumer start to pull back a little
bit. The consumer has certainly been the
leg on which this economy has been
standing. And if that starts to falter
to some degree, um, you know, you've got
something that that could be a
stagflationary type of environment where
growth growth is lower, but inflation
remains, um, you know, kind of sticky.
And I think both contribute, both the
the the geopolitical side as well as the
economic, uh, side contribute then to
what the path of the Fed has to be. It's
a really tricky moment, without a doubt.
Deborah, thank you. Deborah Cunningham
there of Federated. An otherwise very
conventional pick for a Republican
president, Kevin Warsh. And if you go
through the candidates, any one of them
could have been a great Fed chair,
Governor Waller, Rick Reeder,
Kevin Warsh.
You know, you made a really good point
earlier, which is that regardless of
what he does, it'll be viewed in a
political lens. And it's
>> That's the problem.
>> And it's at a really uncertain moment. I
mean, we can't emphasize enough. You can
get two people, one who argues it'll be
policy error to cut rates. Another
person who's going to argue that it's a
policy error to hike rates. And they'll
both have really valid, uh, arguments.
At this point, he has to deal with that
and people who are automatically
skeptical of anything that he does.
>> The way the administration dealt with
this has made it so so difficult for an
otherwise very conventional candidate to
drive through reforms into this
institution that needed to happen
anyway.
It was a kind of foolish foolish effort
to go after the Federal Reserve. I still
don't know what they really got out of
it. Still don't really know why they
continued it coming into 2026. Yeah, and
it [music] slows down the process,
potentially leaving Governor Powell to
oddly clean up the mess, which is sort
of a strange [music] It's just
>> strange issue here. Not ideal. Coming up
on the program, we'll catch up with Alex
Altman of Barclays, Antoine Le Gouellec
Bush, Yelena Shulyatyeva of the
Conference Board, and Earl Davis of
The third hour of Bloomberg Surveillance
up next.
Right now, there is so much money to be
made in the AI space.
>> I'm actually leaning into AI almost
everywhere.
>> This is about risk management but
maintaining exposure to AI.
>> On the tech front, we still see
structural opportunity.
>> It is very, very hard to just make the
worst-case [music] scenario assumptions
and make that your base case.
>> This is Bloomberg Surveillance with
Jonathan Ferro, Lisa Abramowicz, and
Anne Marie Hordern.
Live from New York City this morning.
Good morning, good morning for our
audience [music] worldwide. The third
hour of Bloomberg Surveillance starts
right now. The last hour going into the
long [music] weekend. Equity futures
look like this. Positive on the S&P 500
by 0.2% up again on the Nasdaq by 0.2%
[music]
also in the bond market. Twos, 10s, and
30s. Hello Kevin Warsh. 4% on twos,
4.55% on 10s, [music] still north of 5%
on 30s heading into this later on this
morning. A swearing-in ceremony down in
Washington D.C. [music] and this time at
the White House. Yeah, this to me is
going to be quite the interesting era
for Kevin Warsh. The two ways to look at
this. On one hand, you could say [music]
that 10-year rates right now are at the
highest level for a Fed chair
swearing-in going back to depending on
the second Ben Bernanke or Alan
Greenspan. The other way of looking at
it is he's dealing with a normal economy
[music] based on the previous decades
before the past couple of decades and
that he's dealing with a fast-growing
but also more inflationary economy.
>> [music]
>> Either way you look at it right now, he
is not going to have an easy time giving
a message of exactly what the Fed's role
in all that should be. And when you hear
from the likes of Walmart yesterday,
[music] you hear that consumers are
resilient but at the same time,
Walmart's coming out and saying if these
rising [music] fuel prices continue, you
are going to see potentially a rise in
inflation and it's going to affect
especially the lower-income individuals.
This is not the recipe you want as a Fed
chair or as the President of the United
States going [music] into a midterm
election.
>> You did get some good news from the
retailers though this week, Walmart and
Kroger. Just the idea that they're not
passing through the higher costs.
Just on that one dimension. I know that
can change [music] in the months to
come. Exactly.
>> But so far you haven't seen the
pass-through. And I imagine just on a
relative basis, [music] you take a
little bit of comfort from that. Yeah,
and the reason is because Walmart wants
to compete for market share. And you're
[music] setting off a something of like
a price war, which you're seeing for
example Kroger is coming out saying that
they're cutting
>> prices too. Two ways to read this. On
one hand, they can't pass on the price
increase. [music] That's that is a
positive for with respect to the
inflationary impulse. The second way to
look at this is they have the [music]
scope and the cash to compete in this
fashion and it's very isolated to just
this sector.
>> growth. I know what to do with that as
[music] a central banker, cut rates.
You know, they always talk about central
bankers as being incredibly brave in in
economic crisis. Nothing [music] brave
about buying loads of bonds and cutting
rates down to zero. That's just the
obvious decision. That's easy. The
really tough decision [music] to make in
emerging markets where inflation
pressures to the upside, growth
pressures to the downside, you don't
know what the hell to do to defend your
[music] currency. What do you do? And to
boost economic growth. You can't do
both. You have to pick a poison. That's
the challenge that [music] a DM central
banker does not want to deal with. It's
a challenge they're not used to. They're
going to get very tight-lipped and just
speak less.
>> Right. Take the summer off.
>> Less communication.
>> Fewer press conferences.
>> Yeah, you know, [music] just guys figure
it out yourself.
>> That's the era I want by the way and I
hope Kevin Warsh can take us to that.
>> we kind of want.
>> A world where we don't do Fed specials
anymore. [music] that it's not this big
event. This is personal, John. You don't
have to talk about where interest rates
are every single day, that you just move
on. You know, I hope that's the world we
can get to.
>> A lot of people think that we've
actually moved beyond point of Fed
control. I think I always [music] want
to see the Fed show because it's always
fun and I enjoy it so clearly.
>> the long days. I do. It wasn't personal,
just so you know. Anyway, all right,
maybe it wasn't.
>> [music]
>> Coming up this hour, my bit. Alex Altman
of Barclays with stocks adding to the
longest weekly winning streak since
2023. Antoine Le Go of Wedbush, is IBM
surges on a new White House partnership.
And O'Davis of making the bull case
for Treasuries. We'll begin this hour
with stocks rising as markets await the
biggest IPOs in history. Alex Altman of
Barclays writing the team is turning
cautious on equities, sustaining their
current upward momentum. The risk-reward
outlook for stocks has become more
asymmetric to the downside. Alex joins
us now for more. Alex, good morning.
>> Good morning. Simple question, what
changed?
A whole bunch of stuff changed really. I
mean, not withstanding the fact that we
had one of the largest rallies off the
lows at the end of March that we'd seen
in the modern era.
And then also, we've been constructive
from on equities for basically a year
now. We turned bullish last May. And and
then add on top, we we've got like a
quite a quantitative framework that we
that we use it on a qualitative process.
And just stuff just began flashing
warning. Real rates being one dynamic.
Spot vol correlation, which is sort of
an evidence of euphoria by the retail
investor, that's really ticked back up
again. And then things like within the
semiconductor
sector, you've had this massive narrow
breadth obviously within the market.
You've had 10 stocks that basically
contributed the entire year-to-date
rally.
And then I suppose the last thing we've
got to be aware of
is the fact that we had this big
momentum charge in the market. And on
all of our crowding metrics, that's
become pretty stretched right now. And
momentum's become very correlated to the
market. So, reversing that momentum
unwind would probably take the market
>> You know the obvious fundamental
pushback that you'll get to these
particular calls. The chance might look
crazy, but if you look at the multiples
multiples are still okay. They haven't
expanded aggressively because earnings
have been so good. That's the
counterpoint. What's your pushback? So I
I don't really have any pushback from a
fundamentals perspective. I was just
came back from marketing in London this
week and I heard dozens of those kind of
conversations. Fundamentals look great.
Earning season was amazing. What what's
the problem here? Fundamentally, I don't
have a problem, but we have to
understand that the average PE multiple
when real rates are here is lower than
when we are today. That would be point
number one. Point number two is that we
just This is much more of a technical
call that we're sort of making right
now. It's not a fundamental call. It's
more of a case that the market could get
gut-checked here from a momentum unwind.
And that is what people are not
positioned for. And I really want to
expand on that point just for one
second, right? Because what's happening
with Iran and oil, I mean, I got asked a
question this week, "Can you think of a
trade that's not linked to the price of
oil?" And right now, I can't. So
effectively, we're still navigating that
that geopolitical dimension. And so in a
both an escalatory outcome, which would
naturally be probably quite negative for
risk up here, but also a de-escalatory
narrative
and what that would do is would force a
dramatic rotation from the 12 weeks of
massive inflows into US equities AI
story. And I think it would move
elsewhere, places which have been more
energy import sensitive, such as Europe
and UK and parts of Asia. And I think
that natural rotation can actually take
money back out of US equities and lead
to some weakness. For people who are
tempted to be benchmarked to the extreme
to 2008, 2020 and initial aftermath
after the COVID-related shutdown, what
does the momentum unwind look like? Are
we talking about a 5% decline in
AI-related stocks? Are we talking about
a 15%
true correction that is a reset for a
lot of these names? So I would take
There's so many bits to unpack there,
which we don't have time for, but like
within the For example, I would just
take the vaccine day. Vaccine day in uh
November 2020 is for me the analog that
I want to go back to. On that day, S&P
went up 1%, but equal-weighted S&P went
up over 4%. Nasdaq over a 36-hour period
went down 4%. And if what we did was we
reconstituted
that narrative, that analog, into
today's market weights, we said, "Okay,
if the Nasdaq went down 4% today, what
would the S&P do?" Because obviously
we've had much more concentration today.
And the answer is the S&P would go down.
So, it doesn't have to be necessarily a
protracted multi-month reset in
momentum. I think it could be a
several-week sharp reset in momentum
that would actually force that rotation,
give a bit of a gut-check to risk,
remind people that it's not a straight
line necessarily in bull markets, and
then we can move on with our lives. Is
the bigger risk right now potentially
some sort of resolution to what's going
on in the Strait of Hormuz, or a
prolonging or an escalation in the
conflict that causes oil prices to go up
that much higher? So, I think it depends
what kind of a money manager you are. If
you're a long-short money manager, I
would argue that actually it's a
resolution that might be more
problematic. Again, going back to that
vaccine day narrative, everyone knew
that a vaccine was coming, they just
didn't know when. And so, today I
wouldn't say everyone is convinced that
we're going to get a resolution, but
there is still a timing uncertainty. So,
it's very hard to pre-position for that
rotation that inevitably would happen if
you had a $20 drop in oil prices. But
the former, of course, an escalation,
that's just risk-off, that's going to
hurt both long-short money managers and
of course long-only money.
>> This is fascinating cuz 40 minutes ago
the president truth, new stock market
record. But you're basically saying US
equities are at this high because of
what is going on in the Iran war, cuz
we're in this Iran war. Correct. So, if
you look at what the leadership and
we've had virtually 100% of the
year-to-date rally has come from a very
narrow cohort of stocks. Those stocks,
of course, have seen huge earnings
momentum, and they're within this AI
narrative, the semiconductor narrative,
the the whole capex buildout.
Um but let's not forget the fact that
people have been kind of forced there as
well because they've been looking for
narratives that have been oil agnostic.
They haven't They don't want to be in
European equities, which obviously was
all the story for the first 2 months of
the year. So, if if you said and I'm
making this number up with $20 drop in
oil prices
from a resolution, it's going to force
that narrative to shift. It doesn't take
it away from the AI story. It's just
going to say, "Well, actually that's run
up 60%."
>> Well, what's the catalyst then for the
upside in the United States?
Well, the catalyst I think for the
upside is the fact you've still got
positive earnings growth. You've still
got GDP running in the twos, of which 80
basis points is coming from from AI.
You've got a Fed that a new Fed chair
that's
Well, even if remaining on hold,
ultimately, yes, real rates are higher,
but it's not it's not restrictively so.
I would actually say one of the biggest
challenges to that narrative is we are
going to have a new Fed chair. And on
our on our work that we've done, which
has been relatively well documented,
that new Fed Fed chair is typically
tested or has a communication blunder
within the first couple of couple of
meetings. We've seen that repeatedly.
And a fun fact for you, going back to
1930, within the first 3 months of a new
Fed chair getting installed, the S&P on
average goes down by 12%. So, keep that
in mind, too, when with with with Mr.
Wush getting installed today.
>> today? Could Well, I don't think I hope
it's not going to be 12% today. I hope
[laughter] it's not today. I'm just
talking about an asteroid.
>> I'm talking about a communication
blunder.
>> Don't get Lisa excited. Goodness me.
Let's bring on the asteroid editor.
>> Just my takeaway listening to you, how
technically challenged we are on the
long side right now. And how the
situation in the Middle East, even if it
resolves itself, I think this is a
really important point, could unlock a
vicious rotation that also catches
people off side. And that's something
you need to wait to resolve. So, you
kind of sat on the sidelines waiting for
this to resolve itself now through the
summer. Uh so, I mean, the way that I'm
trying to position for it is that
there's parts of the US equity market,
which I still think is thematically is
still very interesting. Commodities is
obviously something we've talked about
in the past. But, I think it's just time
to revisit some of the other parts of
the globe again. For example, places
that have been relatively beaten up
because of the oil price. And we have to
consider what What a $15 to $20 drop in
oil here, even if it's only tactically,
what would that do to the relative
performance?
>> So, what would I like? Because South
Korea is still crazy, Japan is still
crazy. Outside of those kind of places
internationally, where should I be
looking? Well, I think so
internationally I would look back at
Europe again. There are pockets, for
example, European luxury goods, very
sensitive to, you know, to the the
consumer dynamic as well. And then areas
where there's very large short bases,
for example, European autos, European
chemicals, places where people have been
actively using as a funding short to to
go against their AI longs. And then even
domestically in the US, just
equal-weighted S&P. Just think about
just diversifying away from just that AI
concentration towards the other
basically other 493 stocks in the S&P.
And that's something which we know again
in vaccine day performed very, very
well. And if we did have a redux of that
rotation, it would probably benefit
those kind of stocks.
>> Alex, this was great. So, it's good to
see you. Thank you, buddy. Alex Elman
there of Barclays. We've said this a few
times this week. If you speak to someone
focused on the technicals right now,
they're spooked by how quickly we've
moved. And we've become very detached
from the moving averages we've discussed
over and over. If you speak to the guys
who are focused on the fundamentals,
they'll say, "Look at valuations. Look
at earnings. Everything's okay." Two
different stories, two different
perspectives.
>> It goes to the idea that people have
been hiding out in AI because they can
analyze it when they can't analyze the
Strait of Hormuz. And ultimately, when
they can start to analyze the Strait of
Hormuz, they might focus their attention
elsewhere. Maybe. Futures right now
positive by 2/10 of 1%. Lisa excites 12%
moves, single days, pandemic type stuff
now.
from him today. Be awesome, wouldn't it?
Unlike value.
>> [laughter]
>> That's good. Let's get you an update on
stories that are swirling this morning.
With your Bloomberg brief, Yahaira has
more. Hey, Yahaira. Hi, John.
Iran says the latest US proposal to end
the war is narrowing the gaps, but an
agreement [music] still seems far off.
Iran is refusing to ship its enriched
uranium stockpile to the US, and
President Donald Trump says he opposes
efforts by Iran and Oman to establish a
toll system for [music] Hormuz.
Smart ring maker or a health filing
confidentially for an IPO seeking to
capitalize on growing demand for its
wearable devices. Sources [music] is
telling us here at Bloomberg the company
is working with banks including Goldman
Sachs, Morgan Stanley [music] and JP
Morgan.
And Stephen Colbert signing off for the
last time as the host of his CBS Late
Night Show. The finale featuring actors
[music] and comedians including
Brian Cranston and Paul McCartney who
closed the program with a performance of
the Beatles hit "Hello, Goodbye". That's
Bloomberg Brief, John.
>> [music]
>> Hey Yohai, thank you. More from Yohai
later this hour. I'm next on the program
the Morning Call plus Antoine of Wedbush
as the Trump [music] administration
prepares to add quantum computing stocks
to the country's portfolio. That's next
from New York City this morning. Good
morning.
At the end of the day Zak is his
business model [music] is to get
everything together. Vertical
integration is really what makes you
win. If SpaceX is IPOing in the next few
weeks [music] and then after that you
have a
and then probably I think we have it's
going to keep us busy over the summer.
That was Pierre Ferragu of New Street
Research joining us a little bit earlier
on the blockbuster IPOs you can expect
for the year ahead. Check out the market
now a bit of a turn here up by of 1%
[music] on the S&P higher by third on
the Nasdaq also close to session highs.
Turn around at the bond market as well.
Yields this morning were slightly higher
by basis point now lower. We're down by
three. [music] 10s at 4.53, 30s at
5.06%.
Turn around in crude as well. We [music]
were higher by 2% now just about holding
on to gains on WTI. WTI at 96, Brent
crude at 103 searching for a headline to
drive the price action.
>> Correct. I'm I can't find one. Honestly,
if you know why this rate of a move
suddenly looks like it can be [music]
unlocked, please message cuz I'm not
finding it. Isn't this the frustration
though for people in this market right
now? You see moves like that, you look
at the charts, you start searching the
wires, looking for a headline associated
with that story.
Every single time there's been a gain
[music]
through March, through April, through
May. I need to train my agent better to
go find it better. I mean, ultimately,
it's going to be the agents that are
looking for the headlines and then trade
off of it and the humans are just left
[music] saying, "What's going on?" I
mean, at a certain point, how much is
that part of the reason why? Speaking to
your point about capitalism, do people
say, "Look, I can't get ahead of this.
>> [music]
>> Somebody has the headline before I have
the headline and this isn't necessarily
going on fundamental research, so I'm
out of the game. I'm going long [music]
term."
>> It's also problematic with the headlines
given that what you hear out of Iran is
from
semi-official or fully official news
agencies. There's not [music] a There's
no real reporting coming out of Iran
that's independent. So, that's when
you're left to whack-a-mole really when
it comes to these headlines. What are
they saying versus what [music] the
White House is saying? Brent crude still
up around 1% that we see I just about
unchanged now on the session. That's the
price action so far. Let's turn to the
morning calls. First up, Bank of America
raising its price target on Ross Stores
to 255 [music] citing to the company's
first quarter beat and higher outlook.
Your second call from JP Morgan adding
Walmart to its analyst focus list and
keeping it overweight rating saying the
post-earnings sell-off is a buying
opportunity and your third and final
call from Piper Sandler raising its
price target on Zoom to 107. [music]
The analyst citing vendor consolidation
and price increases. Let's talk about
those IPOs. OpenAI gearing up to go
public confidentially to file as soon as
today. The race ceiling up for a
historic pipeline of companies preparing
to hit the public market. Ed Ludlow
joins us now for more. Good morning
again. What are you expecting from
OpenAI on top of SpaceX, on top of
potentially Anthropic later this year?
Uh good morning. I I mean, I am
expecting what I'm hearing is that that
this is real, that the confidential
filing could be today or in in coming
days, you know, through the the holiday
weekend in the US. Curious timing,
right? Um
you know, the it's so interesting, John,
like over the last 24 hours I've been
thinking a lot about what we talked
about on surveillance yesterday, which
is um in my world, they talk about the
currency being compute. And in your
world, or our broader Bloomberg world in
aggregate, we we we're talking more
about capital. And and the capital
markets right now
are confronting a situation that's
probably a little bit unprecedented in
that there is not infinite liquidity.
And so, if SpaceX goes in in mid-June as
we expect, and this is all real about
OpenAI going in September, and and
Anthropic going in October, you you got
a big decision to make, right? There's
not infinite liquidity. But the biggest
take that I've had now, having had a
couple of short nights to sleep on it,
is read the S-1 again from SpaceX. And
the TAM number that they gave, $26.5
trillion for AI, they're basically
saying, "We are called SpaceX, but our
story is exactly the same as the one
that OpenAI and Anthropic will pitch to
the capital markets. That the
opportunity going forward will be in
selling software to other software
companies, the enterprise, etc." So,
it's a difficult one to read, but as one
investment banker said to me last night,
"What you write in an S-1, you do
deliberately and with intention." And
thank you, buddy. I'm looking forward to
the coverage later. What a time to cover
some of these stories at Ludlow
alongside Caroline Hyde on Bloomberg
Technology. Let's talk about another
one. Shares of IBM rising once again,
the Trump administration awarding the
tech company a billion dollars to build
a foundry for producing quantum
computing chips. Antoine Le Gou of
Wedbush writing, "That combination of
frontier innovation and manufacturing
scale is, in our view, how nascent
technologies become transformative
ones." Antoine joins us now for more.
Antoine, welcome to the program. I was
looking at the price action yesterday
and just reminded of what's happened
with Intel through much of this year.
How similar are those two stories going
to be? Just the relationship between
this company and the government.
Well, I think we're looking at passive
um you know equity investments, right?
So, the Department of Commerce is
effectively institu- institutionalizing
a new model of government participation
um in strategic technology development,
much like what we saw with Intel last
year. And that creates aligned
incentives, preserves taxpayer upside,
and and avoids I think the the pure play
or the pure subsidy optics that have
historically made policy vulnerable. Why
do they need to be putting cash into
some of these areas given the enthusiasm
around big tech and uh frankly even
quantum computing?
You know, it's I think it reflects the
critical security national security
implications. And now um quantum is
being lumped into the same um you know
same field as as some of these other
tech- critical technologies such as AI
or you know what we see with rare earths
uh and and other critical minerals that
the US wants to to keep a really close
um close eye on. So, I think it that's
what it does and that's a very powerful
um symbol or signal for for the for the
broader space. And [clears throat] much
of that's why we saw much of the much of
the space um absolutely um you know
ro- skyrocketing yesterday with stocks
up you know 20 25% um across the space.
Do you think it's appropriate for them
to be picking who's going to be the
winner and who's going to be the loser
in a race that has been usually
typically in the past dictated by
capital markets?
Well, I think what we saw is like the US
government's willingness to deploy a $2
billion wasn't necessarily on one single
company, right? It was across the space.
And we think it's we see it more as a as
a an endorsement of quantum computing as
a strategic priority as opposed to uh
picking winners and losers. I mean, you
saw companies like Rigetti, D-Wave, uh
Quantinuum across a broad variety of of
modalities. Um so, I wouldn't
particularly say that they're picking a
you know a winner or a loser. I think
they're they're uh
uh taking a portfolio approach and
expecting um you know more than one
winner as the industry matures over the
next, um, you know, three to four years.
But, do you think this helps or dampens
competition within the space?
Well, I think it's, um, you know, I
don't think it it hurts. This definitely
doesn't hurt competition. It just simply
provides capital, um, to some of these
players. Um, and and mind you, some of
these most of these companies are
already well capitalized, right? Most of
these quantum these publicly traded
quantum companies are already sitting on
are already sitting on hundreds of
millions of cash, if not, you know,
billion dollars of cash with no debt.
So, that money helps. Um, and if
anything, it might compress timelines to
towards commercial, um, commercial, you
know, mass production of these systems.
Um, but, you know, we think we're
watching quantum kind of cross an
important threshold. You know, the
competition will be fierce and the this
the space will consolidate over the next
few years,
um, as we kind of move from scientific
exploration and prototypes to
manufacturing readiness, uh, and
industrial scale deployment. So, I think
competition will remain fierce, uh,
across the various modalities and across
the the various incumbents in the space.
Competition is fierce in the United
States, but where is it also fierce in
terms of geopolitical landscape? Who's
behind the United States right now? Is
it just China?
So, there's a vibrant ecosystem in in
Europe as well, um, but, uh, you know,
let's let's be clear, China is is a
formidable, uh, you know, adversary in
in in this industry. Uh, the government
of China has invested, uh, billions of
dollars behind its domestic ecosystem,
um, which I I think also, um, emph you
know, was a point of emphasis for the US
government to to step in and, um,
further these investments, uh, in their
domestic in the domestic ecosystem here
in the United States. Antoine,
appreciate your time. Thanks for joining
us this morning. Enjoy the long weekend.
Antoine le Gouellec of Wenbush. How many
people bought IBM yesterday because they
saw what's happened with Intel this year
and their stock is up by more than 200%.
>> If the US has a stake in it, they have a
stake to keep that company going. At
what point does it become a
self-fulfilling prophecy and are they
picking winners and the losers at a time
where there still is plenty
of capital for these companies. It's not
as though these companies are starved
for interest when it comes to investors.
So, is it necessary for the nation to
get involved? I it's a viable question.
>> this to the to the comic is by the way.
I remember catching up with GM a number
of years ago.
And they would come on and say things
like the demand for EVs is great. I'd be
like, why do you need the subsidies then
if it's that good? Right? And I think
the same applies here to some extent.
There's so much money going into the
system right now. With Intel it was
slightly different. I understood the
need to build out foundry capacity from
a geopolitical perspective. I kind of
understood that. And if the market was
going to take the money there, then you
had to sort of sacrifice the market at
the altar of national security to some
extent. And maybe you can make the
argument for this as well. You just have
to wonder how far they're willing to
take that. And there are negative
consequences associated with it.
>> Yeah, why not give grants that are
competitive to new scientists who are
coming up with interesting quantum
computing models? Why not train uh young
scientists to get involved? Why not
identify talented kids and give them
scholarships to go to different places?
>> what the Democrats did and they're
taking a different approach in the Biden
administration.
Definitely taking a different [music]
approach. A very different approach.
Coming up on this program, we'll catch
up with Yelena Shulyatyeva of the
Conference Board on the outlook for the
US consumer under a new regime at the
Federal Reserve.
Futures up here [music] by a third of 1%
on the S&P 500, higher by a third of 1%
also on the Nasdaq. You would have
noticed a turnaround in this market. So,
let's talk about it. We'll go through
things cross asset and then get [music]
to one of the whys with an asterisk like
kinda. In the bond market, yields this
morning were a little bit higher, now a
little bit lower down by two basis
points on tens. You'll notice a
turnaround in crude as well. Was up by
2% now up by about one on Brent and
pretty flat as well on WTI. So, do you
want to do the [music] why? Just explain
to us some of the headlines that crossed
in the last 15 minutes or so.
>> Well, they're saying that Pakistan's
military chief, army chief is visiting
Iran, but we knew that [music]
yesterday. And also, I would think if
this were true, yes, he's going there. I
actually think prices [music] should be
lower because Pakistan is the mediator.
So, this is a good signal potentially of
these two [music] sides narrowing the
gap and maybe getting to a deal. So, I
don't know, does it make a whole lot of
sense?
You mean oil [music] prices should be
lower.
>> Yes. Okay, yeah, but they were off the
highs, so they have to move lower.
>> Okay, then then this is potentially
right, but again An endorsement of the
price action.
>> Yes, okay, fine then. But here's the
problem. [music] We knew this, so it's
nothing new. We knew he was going Is it
trend right
>> yesterday?
>> [laughter]
>> One of my favorite part is when you take
a look. So, the Twitter verse is a fire
ablaze with this and wondering exactly
how they handle this and the responses
are great. So, we're using this
bold again and somebody else is saying,
well, it's Groundhog Day all over again,
which gives you a sense of people's
exhaustion. Can we just get to the
weekend? You know, seriously. I mean,
honestly, it's just ridiculous. As we
count you down to the opening balance,
get you some single names, some morning
movers. Yohara has more. Hi, Yohara. Hi,
[music] John. I agree. But we start here
with Ross Stores. Those shares are up
5.2% in the pre-market after it raised
its full-year outlook and same-store
sales came in or up 17% last quarter.
That was a record and nearly double what
Wall Street analysts were ex- were
expecting. It echoes what we heard from
TJX earlier this week that the consumer
is still spending, but they are being
[music] very value-conscious. Turning to
IMAX shares, they are soaring uh 15% in
the pre-market on this Wall Street
Journal report that the company is
exploring a sale and has already
approached entertainment companies
>> [music]
>> as potential buyers and looking at a
number of analysts notes. They are
already bullish on the stock and they
say a move like this could help unlock
value for the theater company. And we
end on US listed Chinese tech stocks
Alibaba and [music] Baidu. They are
falling in the pre-market after Beijing
announced new crackdowns on cross-border
investing and that is reigniting fears
that they could also crack down once
again on these internet firms [music]
just as investors started warming up to
the space because Chinese the China had
become more supportive of internet firms
[music]
as it looks to compete with the US on
AI. John. Yeah, Hannah, thank you. Thank
for the update. Thanks for this morning.
Let's talk about the main event later on
this morning down in Washington D.C.
Kevin Warsh set to officially begin his
term as the next chair of the Federal
Reserve swearing in at the White House
later this morning. Mike McKee tracking
events and he joins us now for more.
Michael, good morning to you. Just frame
this one for us. The challenges that
Kevin Warsh is going to face. Well,
that's exactly it, John. There's a lot
of talk of regime change with Kevin
Warsh coming in, but imagine a new
president of the United States coming in
and the cabinet remains all the same
from the previous administration. It's
not clear how much power he'll have or
when he'll be able to demonstrate it.
Nevertheless, here's what Kevin Warsh
wants to do. We don't know how long
it'll take him to do it or if he can,
but he thinks AI productivity is going
to be high so we can have lower interest
rates. That's task number one. He wants
a smaller balance sheet and possibly
take us back to the era of scarce
reserves, the so-called corridor system.
He doesn't like forward guidance. He
wants members of the Fed to speak less
and stop talking about where they think
interest rates will go at the next
meeting. And he's also going to be
looking to import new and different
kinds and hopefully better kinds of
forecasting models into the Fed to try
to get a better idea of where the
economy is. But as you mentioned, there
are challenges and chief among them is
the war in Iran, which is causing
inflation to rise. So although the
president wants him to cut rates right
away, the president's put him in a
situation where he really can't.
He also has Trump caused credibility
questions. With all the talk from the
president about Warsh is going to do
this, I want a Fed chair who's going to
do that.
Uh Warsh is going to have to demonstrate
some independence if he wants Wall
Street on his side. There is opposition
to the balance sheet plan. We heard from
Michael Barr last week. We've heard from
uh Chris Waller calling the idea of
going back to the uh corridor system
uh stupid. Uh and then uh Fed officials
want to speak. Members of the uh
regional banks especially want to tell
their constituents
what they're thinking. So we'll see how
long it takes Warsh to do any of this
and what actually works out. Here's a
calendar of what to watch. Uh the big
news is going to be the 17th of June.
That's the first news conference. Fed's
not going to do anything, so there'll be
a lot of reviews of Warsh himself. We
may get a Humphrey-Hawkins this summer
in July. Uh
Jay Powell decided not to do one. Uh the
next FOMC meeting after that is July
29th and then August 28th. We all go out
to Jackson Hole. We think Kevin Warsh
will be there. We think he'll give a
speech and if he does, there's going to
be an awful lot of attention paid to
that. And then September 16th, we have
another Fed meeting. So taking us
through the summer, there are
opportunities for him to make his mark,
but how much of a mark can he make?
>> Mike, you made a series of really good
points. The one I enjoyed the most and I
think it's an important one and isn't
talked about the most enough is the
regional Fed presidents engaging with
their constituents.
This committee goes on Wall Street. We
always think it's about us. We think
they're speaking to us, for us, to help
guide interest rates. They want to speak
to their constituents, Mike. Is there a
better way of managing that? Is there a
better way of managing that? Because
whenever we go through the list of Fed
speak, they're always speaking all the
time. You and I know why, but there's a
sense that it's an overload for
financial markets. How do you manage one
and manage the other?
That's going to be a difficult task for
Warsh to accomplish, to get people to
cut back because they do have their
constituencies they want to talk to.
Perhaps he will speak with them about
being a little less predictive in what
they're telling people. They can talk
about the economy, they can talk about
an outlook, but not say one way or
another what their rate idea is. The
model there might be Tom Barkin of
Richmond, who generally says you can see
a case for one, you can see a case for
the other, and he doesn't take a firm
position on how he's going to vote at
the next meeting. And that might be what
the best that Kevin can hope for. Mike
McKee, thank you, sir. Appreciate it.
You know how this works, Brian. I think
I saw it Chamber of Commerce somewhere
in the middle of nowhere. They're
speaking to consti- constituents, and
then all of a sudden the Bloomberg
reporter showed up, right? Someone else
has showed up for the bank. I remember
when Governor Carney first took over at
the Bank of England, and I think he went
to somewhere like Nottingham or
something like that. He went to a
Chamber of Commerce somewhere, and I
think it was Michael Saunders, who was
then at Citi or Credit Suisse, I forget
where. He turned up to ask a question to
Carney, and Carney was like, "What are
you doing here?" Right? Sometimes they
want to engage with the people, and we
think it's all about us, and it's not.
And the conversations are incredibly
different right now, and I think that's
the key. Who do they listen to at this
point? Based on some of the feedback
they're getting from constituents who
are feeling crimped in different ways
versus Wall Street that has very
different questions. The optics are
important, though. The credibility issue
around that. I think it's slightly
unfair for Kevin Warsh, but that's the
environment that the president is
largely responsible for, that he's
cultivated as Kevin Warsh goes to the
Federal Reserve. Yeah, which again,
you've pointed out many, many times,
establishment across all aisles have
really endorsed this person as being a
traditional establishment candidate, and
yet people are viewing him as ultimately
being less credible when it comes to
combating inflation.
>> some time to work off that particular
that particular accusation. Yelena
Shulyatyeva at The Conference Board
writing this, "The incoming Fed chair
will likely focus on changes to
communication rather than an interest
rate and balance sheet policy in the
coming months." Yelena joins us now for
more. Yelena, welcome to the program. It
would take time to execute some of those
ideas, but what are the ideas that
you've got in mind, the changes that we
should expect?
Yes, good morning. I think uh you know,
while we cannot really do anything about
the interest rates and the balance sheet
in the near term,
uh it will take time uh just to to uh
you know, make those changes. You know,
the new the incoming Fed chair could uh
focus on some changes to communication.
Uh that would include the dot plot and I
I think I haven't heard anybody uh being
happy about the dot plot really when you
talk to people. Everybody has something
uh bad to say about the dot plot, but
it's still there. So, I think maybe now
is uh the time that they will reconsider
it. So, what I am worried about is uh
whether they will change the frequency
uh and the diversity of Fed speak, you
know, at some point. And I hope it it's
not going to happen because uh the
markets are very much used to uh a
diversity of views and hearing from
different uh uh FOMC participants. So,
this will This is something I will be
watching very closely. There are other
changes that could be made to the
summary of economic projections uh in
particular.
Uh you know, the the incoming chair
wants to focus more on rules, on uh
policy based on rules, rather than uh
you know, giving forward guidance. So,
these are the areas that are most
vulnerable uh to uh such views. Yelena,
you're talking about the removal of some
of the Fed speak and yet we got quite a
bit of it. It seemed like people were
fairly hawkish, didn't really endorse an
easing bias, were entertaining the idea
of some sort of rate hike and then the
minutes come out and really amplify that
message. Why are they still maintaining
an easing bias? What good is some of
this communication doing if it isn't
reflected in any kind of the formal
policy?
I think it's it's just you know
waiting for the new chair to come in
quite frankly. I I think they didn't
really want to change policy like the
communication
right ahead of Kevin Warsh joining the
Fed. So I think June is the month when
they will probably do it and
you know we need to to be somewhat more
neutral given the risks to the both
sides of the dual mandate and obviously
rising risks in terms of inflation. I
think June is the month when
Kevin Warsh
you know is at the helm of the Fed and
that's probably when the committee will
decide to move to towards more neutral
stance. How constrained is this Federal
Reserve by the long end of the yield
curve? The idea that 10-year yields have
been shifting higher even as people
price in the potential rate hike as soon
as early next year. Do you expect some
sort of Fed Treasury accord to come into
fruition in the first few months of his
term?
Nothing is probably going to happen in
the short term. I think this is a more
gradual move. The balance sheet policy
in particular will take time. I I
understand that there's like some
inclination, some desire for
the incoming chair to
to reduce the size of the balance sheet
but that should come
from regulator regulatory changes trying
to reduce demand for reserves rather
than you know,
trying to
introduce some scarcity of reserves. I
totally agree that
there is probably no
going back to the the old scarce
scarcity of reserves regime. So, I think
you should ask
Waller today, maybe, about that.
Hopefully someone's there. Yelena, when
it comes to the broader inflation
picture, we're going to a Memorial Day
weekend, and we have pretty high
gasoline prices, but do you see this
stemming into other areas?
I think it will trickle down to other
prices, particularly prices of food.
Food uses a lot of packaging, and this
is another area that may see the
implications of, you know, supply chain
disruptions
stemming from the war in in the Gulf.
So, I think that for now, we don't see
many changes in prices beyond those, but
you know, as the summer progresses, we
will
see some trickling into core prices.
At the same time, I think that we will
see some demand destruction. So, in a
typical year, gasoline prices rise 5 to
15 cents per gallon from May to June.
Like, but when supply is tight, we may
see a spike of 50 cents a gallon. So,
that would bring us to 5 dollars per
gallon nationwide. And I think that is
that is definitely going to slow down
consumer demand during the peak driving
season. No doubt, Yelena. Thank you.
That is a concern. Yelena should have
stayed for the of the conference board.
Let's give you an update on news
worldwide with your Bloomberg brief.
Yahaira has more. Hi, Yahaira. Hi, John.
The opening of a new US consulate in
Greenland is sparking protests as
residents voice concerns about President
Donald Trump's plans for the island.
Hundreds [music] of protesters gathering
outside the consulate chanting USA go
home.
A runway at LaGuardia Airport remains
closed through 6:00 a.m. tomorrow.
Inspectors finding possible areas of
concern following the discovery [music]
of a sinkhole at the airport yesterday.
The runway closure leading to travel
delays during the busy Memorial Day
holiday weekend.
And 1,000 lucky New Yorkers will be
heading to the World Cup at a steep
discount.
>> [music]
>> Mayor Momdani announcing a lottery
program that will give fans tickets for
just $50 with roundtrip transportation
to MetLife Stadium included. For the
rest of us, it'll be an arm and a leg.
That's your Bloomberg brief, John.
>> That's what they should all cost. I
mean, honestly, there should be
thousands [music] of tickets available
for for 50 bucks at this stadium. I
thought you were saying an arm and a
leg. I'm like, yeah, I hope [laughter]
not.
Grandma, no, that's very Lisa-esque. No,
no, no, no. You know, I'm brand. They
should have made tickets available for
50 bucks. There should have been at
least a minimum amount of tickets
available at the stadium for for really
low prices. Bring the kids [music] in.
Be able to drive in. Yeah.
>> Great game. Young adults who want to
play and want to get excited about it,
who have that real fan energy. [music]
Forgive me because I sound like a broken
record for the next eight weeks or so,
but what a missed opportunity. So
short-sighted of FIFA to go in the
direction they've gone in. Yeah, they're
nodding and they're saying, yeah, just
look at our bank account cuz guess what?
We're making bank. So, that's why you're
not running FIFA. Up next on the
program, setting you up for the day
ahead and a week ahead. I should That's
the one thing, [music] you know. Yeah,
he said.
>> Yes. Yeah, be actually like supportive
of the sport. It's so corrupt. The whole
thing is It's right. Just kind of like
It's kind of sickening. Just the degree
of trying to just extract any any of the
any of the stories coming out of that
institution in the last decades. The the
we could go off on this tangent for a
while. I know. All right.
Al Davis is going to join us in a
moment. He doesn't want to talk about
that. He wants to talk about why you
should buy bonds. The conversation next.
Market integrity is not [music]
something that is a competitive dynamic
and some of the rules that have [music]
been changed to woo some of the the the
large companies you you reference SpaceX
are are questionable and from our
perspective what is most [music]
important to us is protecting investors.
To be honest, I just don't know what
effect this is going to have on the
market.
>> [music]
>> That was an IC president Lynn Martin,
some pushback to Nasdaq and some of the
rule changes they've made to attract
some of the listings.
One of those being SpaceX, something to
watch in the next few months. Equity
futures right now in the S&P 500
positive by 0.4% near session highs into
the opening bell on the Nasdaq side by
4/10 or so. In the bond market, we'll
spend some time [music] on that in just
a moment. Two's, 10's, and 30's shaping
up as follows. Yields down by two basis
points on a 10-year 4.55. Front end of
the curve gets interesting for
Kevin Warsh, soon-to-be chairman [music]
Kevin Warsh. The president said this
recently, "I'm going to let him do
whatever he wants to do." That's the
script. Now, I'm intrigued later when we
get this signing in the swearing-in
ceremony whether he sticks to the script
because you know the president struggles
to fight the itch sometimes
>> [music]
>> and might go off script. He's not for
patience and for script writing. So, um
you know, let's see what happens. As we
get close to the midterms, so pressure
potentially could mount. And [music]
this comes at a time where people are
pricing in a rate hike. Might might go
off script? You can almost guarantee the
president's going [music] to go off
script. And what happens when a reporter
asks, "Sir, do you Sir, Sir, do you want
to speak to
>> Q&A here? This would be good. No, it's
you know, it's in the East Room and
there's an audience. So, I know
executives have been invited,
ambassadors have been invited. The
president definitely wants to make this
an event. Will he stop and answer
questions? He might and I hope imagine
someone's going to say, "Do you want to
see Kevin Walsh cut interest rates?" 30
k What's he going to say then? 10 a.m.
Eastern time.
>> [music]
>> Don't miss it. Maybe he won't, you know.
Maybe he'll hold back and say, "I'll let
him do whatever he wants to do." You
don't know. I don't. You're right.
>> And if he does, maybe treasuries will
rally because they'll take that as an
endorsement of Fed independence and
>> Who who are you talking You know.
I mean, you know, at the long end of
talking about. Now, at the front end,
maybe yields creep a little bit higher
again [music] cuz he might hike.
You never know. Oh, easiest job in the
>> live. Okay. As we count you down to the
opening bell, [laughter] the trading
diary for the week ahead looks like
this. 10 a.m. Eastern time, Fed Governor
Chris Waller will be speaking. Look out
for that. U Mich consumer sentiment
drops as well. At 11 a.m., we've talked
about it endlessly. The president
swearing in Kevin Walsh a little bit
later. Looking ahead to next week, of
course, remember Monday is closed for
the Memorial Day holiday. [music]
Al Davis of says this about
treasuries, "The persistence of much
higher rates from present levels [music]
is limited. Current levels provide an
attractive entry point for maintaining
or adding to 10-year duration." Al joins
us now for more. Al, welcome to the
program. Some people don't want to touch
the long end of the curve. What's
interesting for you?
I don't think Al Davis can hear us.
Either that or he's frozen. He looked a
little bit frozen, didn't he?
Well, I think
>> long weekend type feel to this program.
I think that I think that people hope
that that's what Kevin Walsh will do
with policy.
It's just kind of a You're looking at
the return monitor sometimes, just
trying to figure [laughter] out
You just Can't hear me, can hear me?
It's frozen. He's still with us. He's
back. You're there, Al. Good to have you
with us, buddy. Talk to me about why
you're bullish treasuries, please. Tell
me why. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I'll start with our thesis and then the
four fundamental reasons why you want to
own bonds here or feel comfortable
owning bonds.
First, the range of 2025 for US 10-year
treasuries was 390 to 480. We believe
that would would hold. It has held.
Anything above 435, the midpoint, is a
buying level. Anything below 435 is a is
a selling level. We have been buying
bonds 450, 460, almost bought at 470,
and we'll continue to buy on any
pullbacks. The four fundamental reasons
are that are supportive of that are one,
if there is a resolution in Iran, you
will get a rally in bonds, a relief
rally. It'd be short-lived, but you
will. Two, tax refund season is coming
to an end,
uh which means you will see a pullback
in consumer spending and growth, and
people will have growth concerns. We do
not. I could come back to that later.
And three, people forget the two reasons
you want to own bonds are for yield,
yield income, get the coupon regularly
to pay expenses. And four, uh for uh
flight to quality. You know, when
inflation's not involved. So, from a
yield perspective, we are at very high
all-in yields, very supportive, above
inflation, real returns. Underlying
economy is fine. We feel comfortable
buying them. And then the flight to
quality. Once you have a resolution to
Iran and inflation is on, let's say the
side burner. It's not off, but it's on
the side burner. The thing we're
watching at is the percolation right now
and what's going on with Ukraine and
Russia. Brings back a flight to quality
without the inflation implications that
was happening in Iran. So, those are the
reasons why you want to own bonds above
450, which we still are 10-year
Treasuries. We could see that very
quickly going back into that 435 to 425
range. And that's that's our thesis and
and it's held this year. It's treated us
very well as active managers, and we
think it'll continue to hold. Well,
what's higher quality, the US government
or Nvidia?
Uh
great question. Um
we would say given the risk reward and
that you're receiving a spread above
Treasuries, we would put Nvidia then
because you're receiving a higher spread
and it's it's very safe cash flows are
supportive right now in regards to what
is what is
ultimately better say US treasuries
because they print US dollars. You'll
always get paid par no matter what
happens. The video's not printing any
Nvidia currency so but we like Nvidia
better than we would US bonds because of
the the credit spread. Oh Davis of
next time you're on I'm just going to
freeze. All [laughter] right. Thank you.
Freak you out. Thank you sir.
Coming up next week Steph Sherman at
Federated Hermes. The former New York
Fed President Bill Dudley joining us.
Mona Mahajan about with Jones Amanda
Line at Goldman Sachs joining us as
well. All of that after a long weekend
and this a little bit later. Kevin Walsh
the chairman of the Federal Reserve
alongside the president of the United
States.
>> Setting the stage for what could be a
new era not just for the Federal Reserve
but also more broadly for the economy.
Are we entering a new inflationary
moment that's going to cause a real
challenge at the same time of weakening
growth or is he walking into a
transition period where he can then cut
rates later as [music] many people in
the equity markets believe.
>> And is he walking into a potentially
incredibly difficult political
environment? The president at the moment
looks to be giving him some breathing
[music] room says he's going to give him
the space. He's going to make the right
decision do what he wants. But at what
some point
>> [music]
>> does that change?
>> have some movement in the Middle East
over this long weekend.
The president literally said [music] his
son chose a really bad weekend to get
married because you know it's a little
thing like Iran going on it's very That
actually might have been an important
line for the president. Potentially
yeah.
>> Right? Yeah. [music] Well why isn't he
going to his son's wedding?
>> Yeah I don't think you're the only one
thinking that to be honest with you.
Futures right now on the S&P session
highs from off the back of some of the
headlines on the Middle East.
>> Yeah I think that we should stick around
and cover this extensively through the
weekend. Should I make The wedding? Do
you want to do wedding coverage?
>> 100% wall to wall. Okay. [music]
>> No I think that you know just if
anything happens we'll be ready to come
back in right?
>> take a hard pass on on that If that's
okay.
I'll give that a miss. Yeah, I think a
lot of people are going to
>> we should wind this show down
immediately. All right, from New York
City this morning. Good morning. Thank
you for choosing Bloomberg TV. Have a
very restful long weekend. From New York
City, this was Bloomberg Surveillance.